Scene 1 - Food Court

”I hadn’t talked to Alex since finding out that he was a design officer in the VGDC.”
“I had so many questions.”
“I managed to meet up with him in the food court the next day.”
ax “Bonjour, (y/n)!”
mc “Since when did you speak French?”
ax “Since finding out it’s the language of love, and that chicks really dig bilingual guys.”
mc “(We were just friends, but it always hurt to hear him talk about other girls.)”
mc “Um, okay. So, why didn’t you tell me that you were in the VGDC?”
ax “I dunno. I wanted it to be a surprise.”
mc “It was a crappy surprise."
ax "Sorry I made you feel that way, (Y/N)."
mc "I just feel like there’s a lot of things I don’t know about you anymore.”
ax “I think I can help with that, if you help me with something.”
mc “What are you talking about?”
ax “So, I went out with the girl last night that I met at the Involvement Fair." 
mc "What's her name?"
ax "Naomi. Anyways, it uh, went south pretty quickly.”
mc “How’d you manage to screw it up so fast?”
ax “I guess I have a ‘reputation’ for being a womanizer. And Naomi called me out on it.”
mc “Dude… that sucks.”
ax “Tell me about it. Anyways, this is where you come in.”
mc “What are you gonna make me do?”
ax “I’ll need you to pretend to be in a fake relationship with me.”
mc “Um…”
ax "Please say you'll help me, (Y/N)."

Diverges into 2 options:
[Pos. Option] "Yes"
mc "Okay, but how does it benefit me?"
ax "You'll get the satisfaction of helping your best friend in his time of need."
mc "That's it?"
ax "I'll also help you with a pitch for the meeting next week."
mc "(I did want to pitch something next week...)"
mc "(And if I had the help of one of the official officers, I was sure to get accepted.)"
mc "All right. As long as your plan doesn't involve anything super awful."
ax “Nah! I’ll text you later about it.”

[Neg. Option] "No"
mc "I'm not comfortable with doing something like that."
ax "So you're gonna abandon your friend in his time of need?"
mc "I'm not 'abandoning' you..."
ax "Look, help me with this, and I'll help you with your pitch for next week."
mc "How'd you know that I wanted to pitch...?"
ax "Just a good guess."
mc "(I did want to pitch something next week...)"
mc "(And if I had the help of one of the official officers, I was sure to get accepted.)"
mc "Fine. I'll help, but I'm still not comfortable with all of this."
ax "It won't be for very long, I promise. I'll text you later about it."

After Either Option -
“Although I thought that his revenge plan was an awful idea, I missed doing stuff with Alex.”
“He had changed. Whether or not for the better, I hadn’t decided yet.”
“But it didn’t really matter. He was my friend, and we were doing stuff together again, like old times.”

Scene 2 - Starbucks Student Center

“We met up the next day to discuss the pitch.”
ax "Okay, so what’s our plan?”
mc "I was thinking of a dating sim, but with cats."
ax "So kind of like Hatoful Boyfriend?"
mc "Yeah! But with cats."
ax “Sounds weird, but its got cats, so…”
"Before Alex could continue, a girl in a demin jacket walked up to our table."
nm "Alex."
ax "Naomi."
nm “Who’s this?”
mc "My name is (Y/N)."
nm “How do you two know each other?"
mc “We’ve known each other since grade school."
nm "Oh, is that so? How cute."
ax "Can you please leave, Naomi?"
"A shiver went down my spine as Naomi glared down at me, her arms crossed."
nm “Don’t come back to me and say I didn’t tell you so.”
mc "How can I? You haven't told me anything."
nm "I don't think you realize how popular your little boytoy here is around the campus."
ax "What can I say? I get around."
nm "He's what you might call a 'serial dater'."
mc "I've never heard of that term before. Since when has Alex dated cereal?"
nm "Ugh. No, 'serial' dater. He dates many women but never forms a deep bond or relationship with them."
mc "Well, like I said, I've known him for a long time. Whatever kind of guy he is, I'm okay with it."
nm "Do you love him?"
"Alex looked at me expectantly."

Diverges into 2 options:
[Pos. Option] "Of course!"
mc "We're dating, so obviously I do."
nm "That's so sweet. What cute little things has he told you?"
ax "Our relationship isn't-"
mc "He told me I have a cuter nose than you do."
nm "That's obviously a lie."
mc "I don't know - I'm looking at you right now, and I feel like your nose is gonna poke me in the eye. That's how big your nose is."
nm "Ugh. Look - you're not foolilng anyone. Especially not everyone on campus who's talking about the two of you."
mc "I..."

[Neg. Option] "Well..."
mc "Uh... well, as a friend I do. If it's more, then... then I guess we'll find out."
nm "Hm. Anyways, my point was that people have been talking. Like, a lot of people. Almost everybody. Watch yourself."

After Either Option -
ax "Okay, seriously, Naomi - leave. Now."
nm "You're digging yourself into a deep hole, (Y/N). Be wary of how far that hole goes. You may find yourself unable to get out."
"Naomi left, and I sat there baffled."
mc "Everyone's talking about it?"
ax "Don't worry. She's just trying to psyche you out."
mc "If you say so."
ax "I'm serious. Why are you even worrying about it now?"
mc "Because I..."
mc "(Because suddenly my feelings for you extend beyond the 'just friends' amount.)"
mc "You know what? Nevermind."
ax "Okay. Back to the game pitch. So, it's Hatoful Boyfriend with cats. What else?"
mc "What... what do you mean, what else?"
ax "How long do you want to work on it? Just for a quarter? Or longer?"
mc "Uh... I dunno. Ask me another question."
ax "Besides me, did you have anyone else you wanted to have join the group?"
mc "Well, no. You're the only person I really know."
ax "All right. What position did you want to be?"
mc "The... the top position?"
ax "What?"
mc "I only know of two positions. Top and bottom."
ax "Oh, god, no, not like... not "bed" position. Did you wanna be a writer, or a producer, or an artist, or-"
mc "Designer. I want to be a designer."
ax "I assumed that I would be the designer, but-"
mc "No, no. I guess I meant junior designer. Assistant designer. You would, of course, be the main designer."
ax "Are you actually interested in becoming a designer, or are you just trying to find an excuse to get closer to me?"
mc "It could be a little of both."
ax "If I didn't know better, I'd say that you were flirting with me."
mc "You're reading too much into it. I want more coffee."
ax "Then, I will go grab you more coffee, dear."
"The word 'dear' made my stomach turn. He said it so... so casually."
"Was this really just a revenge scheme, or was it quickly turning into something more?"

Scene 3 - Food Court

"The conversation with Naomi yesterday made me realize that I didn't really know a lot about the "new" Alex."
"Growing up, he was kind of a quiet guy. He was always super friendly, though."
"And also, he was into sports, not art."
"So, how did he become the Design leader of a Video Game Design Club?"
mc "I had no idea you were into the whole design thing."
ax "Sure am! It's really pretty cool.”
mc “What exactly do you do?”
ax “I do the aesthetics. Making sure it looks good and it’s all zen and lookin’ good. Things like that.”
mc “You were always into football. It’s so weird to think that you’re like, artsy now.”
ax “It was soccer, and it’s not an absurd idea.”
mc “But a self-proclaimed hardcore jock boy turning into a sensitive artist?”
ax “I went to high school, broadened my horizons a little, and decided that I really enjoyed doing the whole design thing.”
mc “Is it something you just stumbled onto, or…?”
ax “I was required to take a couple of electives, so I did a graphic design course one year. It was fun.”
mc “Huh.”
ax “You look confused. Do I need to explain it again?”
mc “No, I’m just trying to figure out why, still.”
ax “There were a lot of cute chicks in the class that I wanted to impress. I worked hard, got good, and now here I am.”
mc “That makes a lot more sense. I thought that you'd have a more interesting story though."
ax "You're right. I've been keeping the truth from you."
mc "I... what?"
ax "You see, the real reason I became a designer was because aliens abducted me, and-"
mc "I'm just gonna stop you right there."
ax "Too ridiculous?"
mc "It sounds like something out of The Sims."
ax "So do you actually have interest in learning the design aspect of video games, or are you just interested in designers?"
mc "I... w-what?!"
ax "You were never really into art either, growing up."
mc "I liked it more than you did!"
ax "You literally sneezed on a painting in a museum. On purpose. And got kicked out."
mc "It was a modern art piece. It was just black rectangles on a canvas. It was awful, and it deserved it."
ax "Mrs. Henderson wasn't happy."
mc "What's your point?"
ax "I guess I'm just trying to figure out why you're suddenly so into design."
mc "I like learning. I ge to hang out with my best friend and learn at the same time. It's a win-win.""
ax “Hey, so, it’s five to three. We should probably get to class.”
“Alex had changed so much… but at the same time, he hadn’t changed at all.”

Scene 4 - SSLH

”A week passed, and the most important club meeting of the quarter was near - the Pitch Meeting.”
“I’ve never been a huge fan of speaking in front of huge crowds.”
“But with Alex at my side, we could conquer anything.”
mc "I hope we don't go first."
ax "But if we go first, then we'll get it over with. We'll set hte bar so high, that everyone else won't be able to reach it."
mc "I dunno..."
ax "Look, we'll be okay. Just breath. Most people here are very against public speaking. You're not the only one who's nervous."
mc "I'm not sure that makes me feel better."
"We ended up being the third group to go up."
ax "Hello everyone! My name is Alex, and this is my friend, (y/n)."
mc "Hi! The game we're pitching is called 'Lovely Kitten Love'."
mc "Uh... and so the basic gist of our game is that it's a dating simulator about cats."
ax "Think 'Hatoful Boyfriend'."
mc "But with cats."
ax "Right. With cats.  So, me and (Y/N) are going to head the design."
ax "We're going to need everyone else though. Artists, writers, programmers."
mc "Um, and the art style is going to be anime."
ax "Yes, the art style! Anime. Shojo-style. 2D."
mc "It, um, isn't meant to be a difficult project, so beginners are welcome."
ax "Definitely. If you're new to the club, this is a good first project to do to learn the ropes."
mc "And also, we do plan on finishing it this quarter."
ax "This may depend on how many people join our group, though."
mc "Yeah, so, if you have any questions, feel free to come and ask us."
ax "(Y/N) and I look forward to having you guys join our team!"
“As we went to sit back down, my heart was racing.”
"When everyone had finished pitching, Alex and I sat there. No one came up to us though."
mc "It feels like everyone is avoiding us."
ax "Nah. There were a lot of pitches this time. Ours wasn't very complicated, so people probably don't have questions."
mc "I hope you're right."
"The Audio Officer, Melody, showed up."
md "Hey, you guys!"
mc "Hi."
ax "What's up, Melody?"
md "Nothin', nothin'. So, your game sounds like a furry simulator."
ax "Thanks, Captain Obvious. What other insightful observations do you have?"
md "Oh, I'm soooo sorry if I offended you!"
ax "Your sarcasm isn't necessary."
md "I'm just curious why you're choosing to do something so... basic. Is it because of the girl?"
mc "My name is (Y/N)."
md "But does Alex know that? He goes through girls on a weekly basis. Did he bother to learn your name?"
ax "You should leave, Melody. There might be actual people with actual questions who want to talk with us, and you're scaring them away."
md "Maybe I was interested in joining your little furry simulator."
mc "It's not... really a furry simulator."
ax "Are you actually interested?"
md "No, but I could have been."
ax "You're just wasting time now."
md "Whatever. Good luck getting anyone to join your lame little group. And enjoy your week-long relationship with Alex, (Y/N)!"
ax "Ugh. I'm so glad she's gone."
mc "Did something happen between you and Melody?"
ax "Just something stupid. You can't get along with everybody."
mc "You didn't date her too, did you?"
ax "God, no. The meeting's almost done. Wanna leave early to grab a burger across the street?"
mc "Sounds great."

Scene 5 - Aldrich Park

"A couple days later, Alex and I finally had time to catch up in Aldrich Park."
ax "What do you think of the campus so far? It's not quite UCLA, but..."
mc "Well, I think it's really, really green."
ax "Is... is that good?"
mc "Nature is good. And I like how like, you can get most places by going in a circle."
ax "Ring Road?"
mc "Yeah! Ring Road is super convenient."
ax "What have you been up to the past few years?"
mc "I'm... sorry, what?"
ax "We haven't really had time to catch up. What's been going on in your life? Any boyfriends or girlfriends?"
mc "Well... I did have a steady-ish relationship with someone my junior year of High School."
ax "What were they like?"
mc "Quiet. Artsy. Kind."
ax "Sounds like a great person. Why'd you guy's break up?"
mc "It just didn't feel right."
ax "Is there a... particular type of person you're looking for now?"
mc "I haven't really thought about it. Why, have you heard something?"
ax "About someone liking you? No, not yet. But I do know a lot of people. I could help hook you up."
mc "Ugh, no thanks. I just want to focus on school."
ax "Same ol' (Y/N). Always the good student."
mc "Hey! I like my A's."
ax "I like your A's too! I was just wondering."

Option A - Ask About Alex's Feelings
mc "Maybe I'm reading too much into it, but it sounds like maybe you're getting feelings for me."
ax "What!? No. I like Naomi. You're helping me get Naomi back."
mc "I thought this was a revenge thing."
ax "It started out that way, but I decided to try to get her back again."
mc "After she was so rude the other day?"
ax "I'm allowed to change my mind."
mc "Just to make sure - you don't like me like that, do you?"
ax "I... um... it's irrelevant."
"Little did Alex know that maybe I was starting to have feelings for him too..."

Option B - Let It Go
mc "I appreciate your concern for my love life, but I'm fine."
ax "Are you sure? Are you really sure?"
mc "If I'm still single at the end of the school year, then we can talk."
ax "I'm going to hold you to that."
mc ("Does he have feelings for me....?")
mc ("No... no we're just friends.")

After Either Option -
ax "Anyways, forget about it. We've got more important things - like Lovely Kitten Love."
mc "Right. We have to make sure it's not a furry simulator."
ax "It's gonna take some very careful writing, but we can do it."
mc "Do you have any connections to a writer who could make it... not a furry simulator?"
ax "I'll ask around after class. The club is huge - there has to be someone."
"As we walked to class, Alex looked like he was hiding something."
"But, I didn't want to pry, so I just continued acting like we didn't have the conversation at all."

Scene 6 - Food Court

"I had gotten a text from Alex early in the morning."
ax "I'm really glad you're here."
mc "Um... thanks? Did you find a solid writer that might want to join our group?"
ax "This has nothing to do with the video game."
mc "Is something wrong?"
"Alex had become uncharacteristically quiet."
ax "I've got a confession to make."
mc "What happened? Is it about Naomi?"
ax "Yes. No. Nothing. Nothing bad."
mc "Whatever it is, it's not going to change our relationship."
ax "I wouldn't be so sure about that."
mc "Well, are you going to tell me? Or keep stringing me along?"
ax "I'm sorry. I'm sorry."
ax "..."
ax "I don't want to pretend anymore."
mc "Pretend what?"
ax "This. Us. You and me. (Y/N), I've liked you for so long. Since we were kids."
mc "Are you serious?"
ax "100%."
mc "I... don't know what to say..."
ax "Say that we can stop pretending. Say that you feel the same way about me. I love you, (Y/N)."

CHOICE A - "I love you!"
mc "I love you too, Alex. Let's... let's stop pretending."
ax "Phew... that was hard..."
mc “Just… what about Naomi?"
ax “Yeah, she's out of the picture. I can't stop ignoring these... feelings I have for you.”
mc "..."
mc “So is that… that’s it?”
ax “Besides the obligatory social media update spam, yeah. I guess that’s it.”
mc “I don’t feel any different.”
ax “Me neither. I think we just need time to let it sink in.”
"It all happened so fast, that I wasn't sure it had even happened at all."
"But I'm glad it did."
"I loved my best friend, and he loved me."
Goes to CHOICE A ROUTE.

CHOICE B - "Wait a second..."
mc "I'm still not completely convinced, Alex."
ax "Y-yeah... okay. Y'know, I was just kidding."
mc "It sure didn't look like it."
ax "Nah. You and me, officially a couple? If we were going to do that, we would have done it forever ago."
mc "Yeah, I guess. Are you okay?”
ax “Sure! Why wouldn’t I be okay?”
mc “Again, you just seemed to take it super personally just then.”
ax “Nah, nah, we’re cool. Maybe we should um, just break up."
mc "Break up? Oh, right - the whole fake revenge thing. You sure we've gotten revenge against Naomi?"
ax "Doesn't matter. I don't want to lie like this anymore.
mc "Are you okay, Alex?"
ax "I'm okay. We’re good. Let’s finish eating.”
"Lunch was awkward after that. Alex purposefully avoided eye contact with me."
"We talked about Lovely Kitten Love, but he only gave one word answers."
"He was acting like I had just punched him in the stomach or something."
"I don't know what he wanted me to say."
"We were friends - best friends - and I kind of wanted it to stay that way."
Goes to CHOICE B ROUTE.

CHOICE A ROUTE
[scene 1 - Aldrich Park]
"I had never been in a relationship before Alex."
"Sure, there were crushes, but never anything serious."

ax "So we've decided to base the cats on different social cliques, right?"
mc "Yup! We have..."

nm "Wow. It's week four and you two are still together. That's a first for you, isn't it, Alex?"
ax "What do you want this time?"
nm "Can I talk to you? Privately?"
ax "Anything you need to tell me, you can tell me here, in front of (Y/N)."
nm "No. No, I can't. Pleeease?"
ax "Wow. Begging. That's a new low. Fine. (Y/N), we'll be right back."
"Naomi took Alex aside, far enough to where I could hear what they were saying."
"He laughed at one point."
"I could feel my face getting hot from jealousy."
ax "Naomi wants to help with our game."
mc "And you couldn't have that conversation with me?"
ax "Sorry. She's going to help with the writing."
mc "Do I get any say in this?"
ax "(Y/N), we need the help."
mc "Ugh. Fine. Welcome aboard... I guess."
nm "Such enthusiasm! You make me feel soooo welcomed!"
mc "Is there ever a time when you aren't sarcastic?"
nm "Sorry, (Y/N), that's just how I roll."

[scene 2 - SC Starbucks]
"Weeks passed, and we were so happy."
"We did everything together. Just like old time."

mc "Did you ever actually have feelings for Naomi?"
ax "What?"
mc "Did you ever LIKE her the way you like me?"
ax "Why are you asking?"
mc "I'm just trying to figure out how serious you two were."
ax "We went on one date."


[scene 3 - Food Court]
"Our game was set to be completed in the following week."
"Alex had stopped returning my texts. He didn't want to meet up for lunch..."
"And then I found out the truth."
mc “Alex? I thought I’d find you here.”
ax “Oh. (Y/N). What are you doing here?”
mc “You’re my boyfriend, and you’re basically acting like I don’t exist.”
ax “What? Nah.”
mc “I’ve texted you three times since this morning. A couple people dropped out, and the game needs to be finished by next week.”
ax “Sorry. I’ve been distracted.”
mc “Yeah, I get that. But that doesn’t give you the right to ignore me.”
ax “I wasn’t ignoring you.”
mc "You went back to Denim Jacket?"
ax "She's got a name."
mc "I don't care WHAT her name is. How could you do this to me?"
ax "Everyone keeps on telling me how much I've changed. And maybe I have."
ax "But so have you. It feels like you've been leaching off me.”

Diverges into 2 options:
[Pos. Option] “You think I’ve been leaching off you?”
mc "What makes you think I've been leaching off you!?"
ax "You, just... You won't leave me alone. Ever."
mc "Okay, that's called being clingy."
ax "Yes, clingy!"
mc "

[Neg. Option] "What are you talking about!?"
mc “Leaching? I’m leaching off you? What does that even mean?”
ax “You used to be so independent, never took no for an answer.”

ENDING
[end - pos - Food Court]
mc “You should have told me if you had such a problem with the way I was acting.”
ax “What was I supposed to say? Stop being so annoying?”
mc “We could have just gone back to being friends.”
ax “So why don’t we?”
mc “Because you ruined it. You ruined everything.”
ax “I ruined everything? I wasn’t the clingy, needy one.”
mc “You’re awful.”
ax “We’re both kind of awful. Look, I’m sorry. I don’t want to fight. Go back to being friends?”
mc “It’s gonna take some time.”
ax “Well, sure. Of course. But we’ve got all the time in the world.”
mc “Yeah. You’re right. Let’s start our friendship over.”
ax “The best way to do that is by grabbing coffee.”
mc “Sounds great.”
“Looking back, the last few weeks had been a trainwreck.”
“I lost the love of my life.”
“I lost the best friendship I’d ever had.”
“Our cat dating sim never ended up getting finished.”
“But I was still standing, and I had the chance to win my best friend back.”
“Things could only go up from here.”

[end - neg - Food Court]
mc "You're really going to pin all of this on me?"
ax "We didn't finish the game because of YOU."
mc "How is it my fault!?"
ax "Your constant nagging, dragging me to places instead of to the meetings so we could finish things."
mc "That's what couples do!"
ax "If you love someone, then you're not going to keep them from doing what they want to do.”
mc “I thought this was what you wanted to do!”
ax “I changed my mind. I’m leaving.”
mc "Alex! Don't leave, please! I love you!"
ax "Yeah, and I thought I loved you too."
“Looking back, the last few weeks had been a trainwreck.”
“I lost the love of my life.”
“I lost the best friendship I’d ever had.”
“Our cat dating sim never ended up getting finished.”
“I ended up all alone, and it hurt.”
“I tried to find a silver lining in the whole situation, but there wasn’t one.”
“There was nothing I could do. It was the death of the best friendship I’d ever had.”

CHOICE B
[scene 1 - Aldrich Park]
"A few days had passed since we 'broke up'."
ax "Look, about the other day..."
mc "Forget about it. Let's just work on our game, okay?"
ax “No, I don’t want to forget about it. I want to talk about it.”
mc “What’s there to talk about?”
ax “I… I know I said I was kidding when I said everything, but a small part of me wasn’t.”
mc “I kind of figured. You were always a bad liar.”
ax "Anyways, about the game..."
mc "Ugh, I know. It gonna be tight with only one full-time writer, but I think we'll be okay."
ax "Yeah, about that..."
"Naomi approached us."
nm "(Y/N). Alex. Sorry to hear about you two breaking up. But, I did tell you so."
ax "Hi Naomi. It's nice to see you, too."
nm "So, did you tell (Y/N) about the great news?"
mc "What news?"
nm "Alex and I got back together!"
ax "No, we didn't. We're just going on a date tonight. That's it."
"I felt betrayed. I mean, sure, I kind of turned him down the other day, but hearing Naomi's words still hurt..."
mc "Um... he didn't tell me. But good for you. I'm happy."
nm "Do you still need some writing help?"
mc "Writing help?"
ax "I may have... asked her to help since we're short a person on the team."
mc "Are you even a part of the club?"
nm "Not officially. But I do dabble in Creative Writing."
mc "Hm... I don't think we'll need your help, Naomi. We'll be fine."
nm "That's not what Alex was telling me last night."
mc "What are you hiding from me?"
ax "Nothing! We'll talk about it later. I'll talk to you about it later too, Naomi. In a separate conversation. Bye."
"Naomi didn't look happy, but she still left, and Alex and I were alone again."
mc "Okay, it's later! What are you hiding from me?"
ax "It's been forty-five seconds, if that."
mc "Can you please stop avoiding my question?"
ax "We don't have a full team."
mc "I know that part."
ax "It's going to be hard to finish this quarter unless we get some outside help."
mc "I know that, too."
ax "And... and that's it, isn't it?"

Option A - ("Ask About Feelings for Naomi")
mc "So... so do you love Naomi?"
ax "I don't love her, but I still have feelings for her, (Y/N)."
mc "But the whole plan was to get back at her for..."
ax "She's still pretty. And right now, she can help us. So I'm gonna try to get on her good side, okay?"
mc "She's just so mean..."
ax "You're not jealous, are you?"
mc "No! I'm just woried about your well-being. Be careful, okay?"
"Hearing that Alex was going out with Naomi did hurt a little."
"I don't know why. After all, we were just friends..."

Option B - ("Ask About Relationship With Naomi")
mc "When did you guys get back together anyways?"
ax "Last week."
mc "I honestly didn't think she'd want you back after everything she thought about you."
ax "Me neither. But then she found out about us and said that she decided to give me a second cahnge."
mc "Why's that?"
ax "She never really explained why, and I don't really care enough to question it."
mc "As long as you guys are happy..."

Either Option Leads To -
ax "Look, (Y/N), forget about Naomi. She's not relevant right now."
mc "Right. You're right."
"Later that day, I got a weird text."
"'Hey, it's Naomi.'"
mc "'How did you even get this number?'"
nm "'I asked Alex to give it to me.'"
mc "'Oh.'"
nm "'(Y/N), if it's too uncomfortable for you, then I won't offer to help you guys out.'"
mc "'What do you mean by 'uncomfortable'?'"
nm "'If what's going on between me and Alex makes you uncomfortable...'"
mc "'No, it's fine. But I am confused why you asked him out again.'"
nm "'I think the first time we went out, I acted out of line. He's a nice guy.'"
mc "'He really is. If you ever hurt him though, you'll have to deal with me.'"
nm "'Yes, ma'am. ;)'"
"I told Naomi that Alex would contact her if we did need her help."
"I was tired of dealing with her at this point."
"Plus, I didn't want to be dragged into whatever would potentially happen between her and Alex again."

[scene 2 - SC Starbucks]
"Our game was set to be completed in the following week."
"We still hadn't found a replacement writer and were really struggling."
mc "We have four of the five routes done. We just have one more."
ax "Which one?"
mc "Tabby's."
ax "Remind me again - what was that one again?"
mc "Tabby is the flirty jock who gets around."
ax "I... Did you just admit to giving me a fursona?"
mc "Yeah. Sorry. But not sorry."
ax "..."
mc "So... I was hoping that you could write it. I've got a ton of schoolwork to catch up on."
ax "Actually, I think we should have Naomi help us."
mc "Does it work like that, where we can just get someone else on board that's outside the club?"
ax "People who aren't students are allowed to work on projects. It's the same concept."

mc "Are we going to have enough time to finish? Should we just scrap it?"
ax "I've actually been working on most of it. All Naomi would need to do is polish some parts to make it... coherent."
mc "Well, then I think we have our answer. Hit her up."

[scene 3 - VGDC Lab in DBH]
"Game testing day arrived and I felt just as nervous as the day we had originally pitched the game."
ax "Hey, breathe."
mc "I am breating."
ax "Well, do more of it. You look like you're gonna pass out."
mc "I feel like passing out."
ax "Everything's going to be fine. You don't need to be so nervous."
mc "But what if people don't like it?"
ax "It doesn't matter. This is a prototype, not the finalized version. There will be bugs.But we'll fix them."
mc "Right. Just a prototype..."
mc "Everyone looks like they're having a lot of fun! I'm getting jealous."
ax "There's nothing against you playing the game now, too."
mc "Yes! Come on, you've gotta help me make decisions."
"Alex and I opeened up the game on his laptop."

Option 1 ("Choose Tabby's Path")
ax "Tabby's route, huh?"
mc "Thought I'd finally see how Naomi's writing holds up."
ax "It's really pretty good, actually."
"Alex and I played through the route together, making all the worse decisions possible."
"Finally, when Tabby had to confess his feelings for the main character..."
mc "'I can't love you, because I love somebody else.' What!? What the hell!?"
ax "I have no idea what Tabby's doing. I didn't get this far."
mc "You didn't even finish reading it?"
ax "No! Click next."
mc "'I'm sorry, but I love my best friend.' Dude, Tabby just rejected my feelings for him."
ax "That sounds... oddly familiar."
mc "Oh. Did you tell Naomi -"
ax "No! I don't know why she chose to write it this way. Just click next."
mc "Aw, the main character looks so sad! 'I understand. Can we still be friends?' Awwww!!"
ax "Ugh!!!! Click next!!"
mc "'Of course we can still be friends.' I wonder how long that's gonna last..."
"Alex and I saw strange parallels between Tabby's route and the events that had happened over the past few weeks."
"In the end, Tabby and the main character ended up together anyways."
"Maybe... maybe, when given the chance, I need to be straightforward with Alex about my feelings..."

Option 2 ("Choose A Different Path")
ax "I thought for sure that you would have chosen Tabby's route."
mc "And finally read the crap that Naomi came up with? No thanks."
ax "You don't know that."

Either Option Leads To - 
ax "You know that Naomi and I didn't last, right?"
mc "Again?"
ax "Yup. I had it coming."
mc "You, um, kind of did. Sorry."
ax "It's okay."

[end - VDGC Lab in DBH]
ax "Thanks for everything, (Y/N)."
mc "It's what friends do!"
ax "Then I'm super lucky to have a friend like you.”
mc “Do you ever think of like, what could have been?”
ax ”I’m not sure what you mean.”
mc “What if I had said that I loved you too a few weeks ago?”
ax “I dunno. So much has happened that I haven't really thought about it.”
mc “Do you think things could have worked out between us?”
ax "Romantically? I guess we'll never know."
mc "Why don't we try it out?"
ax "Is that your way of asking me out on a date?"
mc "Hm. I guess I am!"
ax "Okay, sure! Let's try it out."
mc "Alex?"
ax "Yeah?"
mc "I love you. I'm sorry I didn't tell you a few weeks ago."
ax "It's totally cool, (Y/N). I love you, too."
