[Game Pitch]


Mc “(The time comes to pitch my game, the more people are called to share they’re game ideas, the more that my nervousness grows.)”
mc “(dang, I can’t even pay attention to other people’s presentations, I’m so nervous.)”
mc “(Finally the dreaded moment arrives and my name is called.)
mc “(I sat kinda far away from the stage, so I start kinda running.)
mc “(Oh god, they’re gigling at my run, this is already a huge failure.)
mc “(No time to think about that, I jump on stage and catch my breath.)
mc “Sup fam!”
mc “(oh good, they’re laughing, this gives me confidence.)”
mc “I’m a first year, my major is not important, and my game idea is a plat-former called T-rex attack!”
mc “(I do a little pose, holding my arms like a t-rex, this gets laughs too.)
mc “So in my game, the asteroids hit, and they decide to give space weapons to the evil vegetarian dinosaurs so they can get revenge on the cute an innocent carnivorous ones.”
mc “(They can’t stop laughing, I should be a comedian.)”
mc “You play as a T-rex, your family was killed by the evil vegetarians, and you want to join the resistance.”
mc “Only problem is, you’re a T-rex, and your arms are tiny as heck.”
mc “So as the game progresses, you take their weapons and use them as you’re own, getting stronger.”
jd “Okay ten seconds.”
mc “Oh, um okay, and uh, yea”
mc “(I forgot there was a time limit, I don’t know why I was even nervous, this is fun, the people here are nice.)
mc “so yea, in summary, I’m MC, my game is T-rex attack!”
mc “(I do the T-rex pose again.)
mc “And yea, thank you for listening.”


[teams formulated. Kendrick is the officer buddy of the group]


Kd “Now that the roles have been assigned it’s time to hit the ground running. I’ll be here if you need help.”
“Kendrick looks determined, maybe he really liked my game idea. I’m feeling good about this, I gotta be enthusiastic too”
Mc “I’m hype! I promise that I’m going to produce the heck out of this, I’m ready to roll!”
“I put my hands on my hips and puff my chest out proudly, everyone seems to be excited to roll, but Kendrick looks at me with a “what the hell are you doing expression”, maybe a bit too enthusiastic?”
Mc “B-but remember guys, the most important thing is to h-have fun, hehe”
Kd “I don’t know if you’re aware of this, but VGDC is a serious club.”
Mc “h-haha I know, bu-”
kd “For gods sake, the people in our organization have gone on to work at the greatest companies the gaming industry has to offer, this isn’t a happy go lucky lets make friends and play patty cake baby club, if that’s what you were expecting, you should leave”
“jesus whats his problem, I didn’t even say anything, maybe this is a comedy bit? Maybe he thinks he’s being funny by being a douchebag?”
Mc “pshhhh alright dude lmaoooo”
“I look at my fellow club members and motion to Kendrick”
Mc “can you believe this guy? Whats up his butt?”
“nobody is laughing, I’m starting to figure out that this isn’t a comedy thing. Oh god think I’ve made this already uncomfortable situation worse”
Kd “get out”
Mc “I-Im sorry, i thought we were doing a bit”
Kd “a bit?”
Mc “l-like you were joking”
Kd “why would I be joking?”
Mc “c-cuz u were being super serious, I-I thought you were trying to scare us”
Kd “I never joke. You might think that your game, and probably your life, Is a joke, but I’m actually trying to get things done”
“dang he didn’t have to bring my life into this, I guess he’s right though, still he didn’t have to be mean”
Mc “m-my bad dude, I just misread the situation is all, I’m sorry”
Kd “its okay, just don’t make the mistake again, get to producing, we meet here next week at the same time, dismissed”
mc “(I already hate college, I knew I should have gone to UC Riverside)”


[Kendrick is detached and blunt. Recognizes the potential of the game, but not the protagonist herself]


mc “(I got everyone’s phone number and email at the meeting, I figured it would be best to set up a discord and contact everyone online)”
mc “(All the invitations had been sent in class, now I just had to wait for everyone to join)”
mc “(Once everyone joined, I figured I would get the ball rolling, try to get everyone to introduce themselves, that whole bit)”
mc “(I’ve always been better at online conversation anyways, they can think I suck irl, but online maybe they can at the very least tolerate me)”
Mc “Alright guys, thank you so much for joining my game crew, I figured it would be fun to introduce ourselves, tell us you’re name, your year, ya major, and fun fact about yourself”
mc “(Nobody is typing, dang, I guess I will have to get started)”
Mc “My name is MC, I’m a first year, my major is undecided haha, and I was really into dinosaurs when I was a kid, other girls wanted to be princesses and all that, not fam, I wanted to be trex lol.”
Kd “Nobody cares, we should have made a slack, people get way to distracted on discord.”
Mc “(I decided to post a picture of a sad cat, with the text, “I’m sorry”.)”
Kd “You’re posting memes? Jesus Christ, please quit.”
Mc “(Does this guy hate me personally or something, did I do something to him in the past that I don’t remember?)”
Mc “Are you okay dude?”
Kd “Fantastic, I’m just frustrated that every year I get assigned groups led by little kids who don’t know the responsibilities that come with leading a video game development club.”
Mc “Dude, I don’t think I’ve even done anything to make you think that I’m not capable of leading this team, making this video game has been my dream since I was 8.”
Kd “Then why haven’t you made it yet?”
Mc “I don’t know how to make games, hence why I joined this club?”
Kd “I also wanted to make a game when I was 8, and when I was 9 the game was already done. I know what kind of person you are, you like to daydream and think about all the cool things that you would someday do, but the day never comes, I’m sick of having to be assigned people like you.”
Mc “Man, that cuts deep, he’s right though, I always have these fad dreams that never actually pan out, doing karate, becoming a singer, getting into UCLA.”
Mc “(Who’s to say that this game won’t just be another thrown away dream in my sea of unfulfilled dreams, I mean all the evidence up until now shows that its the most likely outcome.)”
Mc “(Damn, I’m tearing up, its moments like these that make me glad to be online and not in person.)”
Mc “(I really am a failure, I’m always going to be a failure.)”
mc “(no)”
mc “(NO)”
mc “(NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO)”
mc “(Didn’t I tell myself I was going to change, I’m at a new school, its time for a fresh start, and it starts now!)”
mc “(Besides, who does this guy think he is? He doesn’t know me? For all he knows I could be a genius programmer, a fisherman, a ski instructor...))”
mc “(This guy hasn’t even known me for a whole day and already thinks he has me pinned down?)”
mc “(JESUS CHRIST I HATE THIS GUY)”
mc “(If I don’t change for myself, I’m going to change out of spite, to prove this pretentious freak wrong!)”
mc “(I’m going to play it cool, I’m happy again that I’m online and can pretend.)”
Mc “Dude calm down, get some sleep, it’s true that I don’t have experience making games, but I got pretty good grades and was community service club vice president in high school, I’m sorry for your past experiences, but I can assure, this is not it.”
Kd “We’ll see...”
mc “(He went offline.)”


[week time skip of low-key hatred]


//tm stands for team member

mc “(Kendrick is getting on my nerves, everyday he always does something that infuriates me.”
mc “(Yesterday he dropped his pencil, and he didn’t even ask me to pick it up.”
mc “(He just pointed at me and at the pencil like he expected me to pick it up for him or something.)”
mc “(He didn’t even thank me when I got it for him)”
mc “(How do human beings this rude even coexist with regular people?)”
Kd “No, this is garbage, do it again.”
Tm ”O-okay, what about it do you want me to fix?”
Mc “It’s mostly fine, just maybe color inside the lines a little more”
kd “Don’t listen to her, its wrong do it again”
Mc “What part?”
Kd “All of it, redo it.”
Mc “I feel like you wake up, come in here and think..”
(imitating Kendrick)
Mc “Hmmm what should I be mad about today, oh I know, I’m going to be a giant pedantic poop hole to my club members”
kd “poop hole?”
Mc “I’m not censoring myself because VGDC doesn’t allow bad words, I’m talking about your mouth, insinuating that what comes out of it is pure poop, its poetic”
Kd “I don’t see why you’re so mad, the art is garbage, the drawing is chicken scratched, the coloring goes out of the lines, the art is unoriginal and uninspired, I could go on, but for the sake of time I felt that “its garbage” would suffice.”
Mc “Okay, first of all, its not even that bad, and second of all, you could have shown him what he’s doing right and what he could improve on, how is he going to get better if all you can do is say “its garbage” and poop on the drawing he worked hard on?”
kd “I told you, this is a serious club, I’m not here to hold your hands and nurture you from my teet like a little baby, you are all grown adults and are expected to behave as such.”
Mc “You keep going on about serious this club is and this and that, but I’ve spoken to the other teams, and all of them have nothing but nice things to say about their officer buddies, its literally just you.”
Kd “ It usually is just me taking work seriously, that’s why I was one of the only ones who has had internships at BInbendo, you think this type of art, and behavior in general, is going to pass at a legit work space where making video games is what puts food on the table?”
Mc “Dude, this is a club, not a full time job, making this video game isn’t life or death for me.”
Kd “Well it is for me.”
Mc “Well then I think you should go and find more Try hards who are willing to put up with your bull”
Kd “Is that what you all think?”
mc “(Everyone looks at each other, one person starts nodding, everybody nods.)”
Kd “Alright, I will take my leave, hopefully the next team I get won’t be filled with bumbling buffoons.”
Mc “Oh yea, I’m sure they’ll love to have you. That was sarcastic by the way.”


( mc asks president to change officer buddies)


Mc “(Alright, I texted JD and was told to wait here in the game lab, I mean I know Irvine is one of the safest cities ever, but walking around campus at night is still kinda spooky.)”
mc “(I arrive at the game room, and to my surprise Kendrick is there, I try to turn around and leave but the president is blocking the door, and right before I can stick my fingers through the gap, she says:)”
Jd “Make nice kiddos.”
mc “(And shuts the door.)”
mc “(A couple seconds of silence pass,  they feel like minutes.)”
mc “(Kendrick breaks the silence)”
kd “I don’t see what the issue is here, why didn’t you just communicate with me.”
Mc “Why would I bother even trying when the answer would be “its garbage” anyways.”
Kd “That’s rich coming from someone who would just respond my mockingly imitating them.”
Mc “Well, it obvious that neither of us likes this situation, so how about we agree to interact as little as possible till the end, then I can quit the club and we can never see each other.”
Kd “Deal.”
“A Couple seconds of silence pass”
Mc “I really wish prez didn’t lock the door, this is weird.”
Kd “I don’t want to be in here either.”
Mc “let me check if the window is open.”
Kd “Don’t you open up that window.”
Mc “Don’t you let out that antidote!”
Kd “What?”
Mc “You listen to Travis Scott?”
Kd “What’s that?”
Mc “Never mind, I almost thought you were kinda cool.”
Mc “I jump out the window.”


(Kendrick pov, he realizes people have feelings)


Kd “(I hate these intrusive thoughts, like a worm stuck in my brain that I can’t get out,  I can’t even focus in school without thinking about her words)”
Kd “(Usually I dismiss it as stupid people saying stupid people things, but maybe.)”
Kd “(I even listened to that song, kinda liked it, but ill never tell her that, she’ll never let it go.)”
Kd “(And that imitation, the sound is completely wrong, but the mannerisms and tone are pretty close.)”
Mc “(I shows up, Kendrick is already there.)”
Mc “What’s up K DOT!”
Kd “What?”
Mc “Listen to more hip hop.”
Kd “Yea, t-that song you showed, me, i-it wasn’t horrible.”
Mc “(Holy crap, he actually did, this makes me smile, I’m going to tease him a bit.)”
Mc “Ayyyy look at Kendrick, getting lit!”
Kd “Shut up!”
Mc “I’m sorry, I forgot our deal, Ima get right to work.”
Kd “Good.”
Mc “Moments pass, I decide to take a break, look at some dank memes.”
Mc “Pffffft!”
Mc “(Damn I laughed, this picture of this gangsta duck crossing his arms was too much for me, I should have known.)”
Kd “Are you working?”
Mc “You’re not my dad!”
Kd “I AM YOU-“
Mc “(He stopped himself?)”
Kd “You’re right, I’m sorry.”
Mc “(What the heck, he never apologizes, is he alright?)”
Mc “Can you step outside with me outside?”
Kd “Sure.”
Mc “(We stand outside the game room)”
Mc “Yo fam, are you dying? Do you have cancer?”
Kd “No, doctor says I’m in peak physical condition”
Mc “Err, okay….”
Kd “I’ve decided cooperating with you would be most beneficial to me. Nothing more.”
Mc “Hmmmmm, okay, okay, I see you, I see you.”
Kd “Is there something wrong with that?”
Mc “Nah nah, quite the opposite actually, here’s some candy, as a reward, and also for positive reinforcement.”
Kd “what am I, a dog?”
Mc “That would be an insult to dogs”
Kd “Whatever.”
Mc “Kendrick eats it, he puts the wrapper in his pocket.”
Mc “Alright boy, lets get to work.”


(Weeks pass, Kendrick gradually becomes more and more of a decent person)


Mc “(The President is talking to me, outside of Starbucks.)”
Jd “Alright, what did you do?”
Mc “What?”
Jd “who is this new Kendrick, and what have you done to the old one”
Mc “again, what?”
Jd “Kendrick! Ever since he started in your guy’s group he’s been, err, nicer, well meaning, laughing, just all around better human being!”
Mc “really?”
Jd “I even caught him listening to hip hop yesterday, every time I used to play it around him he would make me switch songs!”
Mc “Huh, I guess, I don’t really know what caused it though.”
Jd “Well, I don’t know what you guys are doing, but keep doing it, oops I got class, see ya late.r”
Mc “Bye bye!”

(back to the game room)

Mc “Yo”
Kd “Sup”
Mc “Dang, he says sup now?! Maybe he has changed.  I won’t say anything though.”
“Moments pass, and Kendrick looks at his phone, his eyes widen, he stands up.”
Mc “Everything alright.”
kd “Uh, yea, sorry, its alright, its alright.”
mc “Seriously dude, are you okay?”
Kd “Its fine alright, its just, its nothing.”
Mc “(He walks out the door.)”
Mc “(Next meeting, a week later...)”
Mc “Sup.”
Kd “*yawns*”
Kd “Yo.”
Mc “You tired?”
Kd “A little, but I’ll be alright.”
Mc “Hmm?”
Mc “(like half an hour passes and Kendrick falls asleep)”
Kd “*Snores*”
Mc “Heh.”
Mc “Don’t wake him up guys, he’s tired.”
Mc “(Time passes, the meeting ends, everyone but Kendrick and I goes home, its just the two of us now...)”
Kd “*yawns*”
Mc “did you have a good rest?”
Kd “Oh crap, where am, MY WORK!”
Mc “Don’t worry about it, I made Alonso do it, he never does anything anyways.”
Kd “Why didn’t you wake me up?”
Mc “Dude, you’re internship, your job, school, whatever that message was the other day, your pretty stressed aren’t you?”
Kd “Don’t worry about it, I’m doing great in all of those things.”
Mc “I don’t care about those things, I mean I’m happy and proud of you and all that, but I care about you, you don’t need to tell me what’s going on, but please get some rest and don’t burn out alright?”
Mc “Kendrick blushes, stronger this time.”
Kd “d-d-don’t worry about it!”
Mc “hmm, alright.”
Mc “(I pick up my bag and just as I’m going to open the door I hear.)”
Kd “MC?”
Mc “Whatsup?”
Kd “T-thanks.”
Mc “(Heh, that was kinda cute.)”
Mc “Wait what the heck, did that thought actually just cross my mind?”
Mc “A-anytime fam.”
Mc “(I smile and take my leave.)”

(Kendrick’s inner thoughts before the next club meeting, he’s holding the old wrapper from the piece of candy she gave him.)

kd “(Mc looked pretty cute last week, I wonder what she’s gona wear today?)”
kd “(Yesterday she wore jeans, an anime shirt, and sneakers,  looked kinda boyish, but cute.)”
kd “(I like how she knows all the bands and tv shows on her t shirts, a lot of people buy shirts just because they like the look, but she actually knows what they’re about.)”
kd “(I really like her round yellow glasses too, I wish she wore them more.)”
kd “(And her messy dark hair.)”
kd “(AAAAGHGHH WHAT THE HECK AM I THINKING!)”
kd “(Jesus, I even listened to that god awful lil whatever album just because I wanted something to talk to her!)”
Kd “(Whats happening to me?)”
mc “Yo whats popping dudes!”
kd “(Dang, why did I hesitate to I say hi? now she’s talking to that useless dude again.)”
kd “(What are they talking about, why are they laughing so much?)”
mc “Alright, see you at the show!”
kd “Show, what show?”
mc “Oh, we were gona go see the Lil pump show, I was gona invite you but you would probably say its garbage anyways, though in this case I would probably agree with you haha!”
kd “What, no I don’t care, do what you want.”
mc “LMAO dude do you wanna go?”
kd “NO!”
mc “I bet you secretly do want to go, did you listen to the new album?”
kd “A-absolutely not, why would I listen to that garbage, he just repeats “Gucci gang” like a hundred times!”
mc “You DID listen to the album HAHAHA”
mc “(I’m hitting the table and pointing at him)”
kd “S-shut up, I didn’t listen to it because of you, I-I just happen to have clicked on it and was to lazy to change it, that’s all.”
mc “(Alright, I had my fill.)”
mc “Sorry man, I’m just teasing you.”
kd “Get to work.”

(back to mc thoughts) 

mc “(Dang, I can’t believe he actually listened to it, it was kinda cute to watch him deny it so vehemently.)”
mc “(Wait, wait wait wait, did I just think he was cute, AGAIN?)”


(Kendrick’s confession)


mc “(A couple of weeks have passed, and Kendrick has actually gotten super chill.)”
mc “(Well, not chill by normal human standards, but compared to the huge pedantic butthole that he was when we met him....)”
mc “(Its 1 am, he told me to meet him outside SSLH 100, I think its to turn in some hand drawn art, we’re approaching the deadline so we’re in overtime.)”
mc “(I borrow my room mate’s scooter, and head out.)”
mc “(I scoot for a bit, see some dance crews practicing,)”
mc ”(can’t believe dance crews practice at this hour)”
mc “(I arrive and see him sitting down against the building, his dark silhouette contrasting with the building lights)”
mc “Yo whats with the dramatic setting my man”
kd “….”
mc “Either you want me to take a picture for a mixtape cover, or you’re going to confess to me hahaha”
kd “….”
mc “Wait your actually making an mixtape?”
kd “What? NO, t-the second thing...”
kd “...”
mc “Wait, are you serious?”
kd “l-look, I like you, for real”
mc “Like for real?”
kd “Nani the fukk?”
kd “For real, please go out with me.”
mc “(Suddenly, the setting makes a lot of sense.)”
mc “(Am I dreaming, this doesn’t even feel real.)”
mc “(This is NOT a dream...)”
mc“(This is a real thing, that is happening to me, right now.)”
mc “Uuuuuhhhhhh...”


(good ending)


mc “I-I don’t know dude.”
kd “Look, I know. Its just, look, I’ve never met anyone as sweet and cute and as funny as you, and when you gave me that chocolate, I was actually, well I was going through some stuff, and your kindness, your laughter, you have no idea how much I needed it. You don’t have to like me back, or say yes, or anything, but these thoughts are keeping me up at night, and I just, I just had to tell you..”
mc “Well, I uh.”
Kd “You know what, forget I said anything.”
mc “Yeah.”
mc “(I get on my scooter and leave.)”
mc “(I look back and see Kendrick’s shadow.)”
mc “(I turn around, I don’t have the words to describe why, I, I just do.)”
mc “(My body is moving on its own, hehe.)”
mc “WAIIIIT!”
kd “!!!!”
mc “(I’m scooting back at full speed, I’m almost out of breath.)”
mc “(Oh dang, too fast, I trip.)
mc “(Kendrick catches me, this is my first time being this close to him.)”
mc “(He’s so big, he’s so warm...)”
mc “(Oh man.. wait, what was I doing again? oh right!)”
mc “Uh, yo, hehehe..”
kd “Sup, haha, ha.”
mc “Can you put me down?”
kd “Oh, yea, yeah, sorry, sorry.”
mc “(He puts me down, I stumble a bit, catch my breath, regain composure, I know what I have to do.)”
mc “Look, I’m going to be honest, think you’re a pretentious, annoying, pedantic butt hole.”
kd “O-oh.”
mc “(LOL, he’s so sad, I’m enjoying this too much.)
mc “That’s what I used to think anyways.”
mc “(Look at how he widened his eyes omg, he’s like a puppy.)”
mc “Now, I think you’re not the worst person in the world, your kind, kinda sweet, hard working...”
mc “(Oh lord, now I’m getting embarrassed.”)
mc “S-so, yea, I’ll go out with you, I-if your okay with me.”
kd “I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
mc “(Its kinda quiet now, I don’t really know where to go from here, do we go home? Oh, I know, date ideas!)”
mc “So you wanna go see Lil Pump next week?”
kd “Please don’t kill my vibe.”
fin


(bad end)


mc “(We finished the project, afterwords I switched my major, quit VGDC, now I have a whole new group of friends, and people I hang with.)”
mc “(Sometimes I still see my old VGDC friends on Facebook, but other than liking they’re posts, we aren’t really interacting)”
mc “(I’ve just picked up my free coffee at Starbucks, and I’m putting sugar and crap into it, when all of a sudden I hear a familiar voice..)”
kd “Excuse me.”
mc “S-sure.”
mc “(It’s Kendrick, the butthole from my game club!)
mc “(I wonder if he recognizes me.)”
kd “Is there a problem?”
mc “Oh crap, he noticed me staring.”
mc “N-nah fam.”
kd “Alright.”
mc “(I let out a breath, I hope I don’t have to go through that again. Meeting people you weren’t supposed to ever see again at Starbucks is weird, isn’t it?)”
mc “(Whatever, we gon be alright.)”

