DIALOGUE:

--Scene 1:--

SETTING: Outside (Night)

ax “Hey Bro! How’d I do up there?”

mc “You got the girls giving off giggly noises if that’s the answer you’re expecting…”

ax “HAHAHA! Yes, YES!”

“With his fist clenched and raised in the air, he gave off an excited grin as he knew that he had accomplished his goal.”

“Yeah, this… is definitely Alex. He lives in the moment just to impress girls…”

“As we continue to walk he brings up an interesting topic…”

ax “Did you see that girl, Melody?”

mc “The one with the red streaks and the headphones? Audio girl, right?”

ax “Yeah! Was she looking at me when I was speaking?”

mc “No, she had an uninterested look the whole time. I don’t even think she even glanced at you.”

ax “What?!? Are you serious…?”

“He had a hopeless look on his face that can probably make any girl go ‘Awww, Alex’ and hug him.”

mc “Yeah, but why does that matter? You like her or something?”

ax “You don’t understand… I’ve been trying to get at her for the longest time...”

mc “Since When!?”

ax “Since last week.”

“I raised my hand and smacked him on the head lightly.”

mc “You freaking player. I thought you were serious.”

ax “Oww, that hurts... Just kidding!”

ax “But no, for reals… I want to try and get at her. I’ve known her since last year, but we didn’t talk much.”

ax “Well, she didn’t talk to anyone much really, she’s always doing her thing. Like a lonewolf…”

mc “I see…”

ax “I like lonewolfs.”

mc “...”

ax “She’s also notorious for being a bad girl. Like the ones that can seduce you to do whatever she wants...”

mc “I don’t think she has any bad intentions though...”

ax “I like bad girls.”

mc “... I am speechless. You will never change. I take that back. You will never grow up!!”

“He starts to laugh hysterically.” 

ax “Comeeee on… good girls ain’t no fun, am I right?”

mc “I wouldn’t know…”

ax “But yeah, she’s the ‘Hard to get’ kinda girl, so I really, reaaally want to impress her.”

ax “You don’t understand how many guys tried to get at her last year…”

ax “And did you not see the look on their faces this year?! She’s more desirable than ever!”

mc “You talk about her as if she’s an object…”

ax “Hahaha, did it sound that way? My bad, I meant to say that she’s… one of a kind you know. And maybe that’s why a lot of the guys like her.”

mc “She is cute… I guess.”

ax “Right?! But hey, she’s fair game. Though… you’re up against me if you want to snatch her away.”

mc “You’re a lunatic. I’m not interested in her.”

ax “Reaaaally? I can already read the fattest lie on your face.”

mc “Why… you!”

“Alex starts to laugh uncontrollably and runs away as I try to chase him.”

“Suddenly, I realized that I didn’t have my phone on me.”

mc “Alex! I lost my phone, can you call it, please?”

ax “OH shoot, yea.”

“Alex called my phone but no one picked up.”

ax “No answer… I think you might’ve left it in the lecture hall.”

mc “Damn… I’ll be right back.”

“As I start running to the lecture hall, I accidentally bumped into someone on the shoulder. They gave off an angry expression.”

kd “Watch where you're going, Kid.”

mc “My bad…”

kd “Pst. Get out of my way...”

mc “Damn... isn’t he the production guy? What an ass...”

“I got to the lecture hall and luckily the doors were still open....”

SETTING: Lecture Hall

"When I entered the lecture hall, the board was covered in graffiti and then I saw Melody drawing graffiti on the far wall. ‘VGDC sucks.’ was one of the messages on the wall.”

“She turned around with a blank expression on her face, like a deer when you shine your high beams at it.”

md “Damn… I forgot to lock the doors.”

"I felt frozen in place. What should I do?"

#----------Player Choice 1----------
-----#option 1: Apologize and tell her that you’re just here to look for your phone. (Worse)-----

mc "Uh, I'm really sorry. I, um, well, I-"

md “You’re looking for your phone right?”

mc “Yes… how’d you kn-?”

md “Here. Catch.”

“She tosses the phone across the lecture hall to me.”

mc “(I barely caught it… this girl is crazy.)”

mc “Uh… thanks.”

md “Close the door on the way out, will ya kiddo. And one more thing. If you tell anyone this, I’ll make sure you’ll regret ever coming to UCI.”

“Her words sent shivers throughout my whole body and soul. She’s so aggressive… I felt as if I was the deer being hunted…”

mc “Of c-course!”

md “Good… now get out.”


-----#option 2: Look for your phone and ignore her (Best):-----

md “Hey!”

mc "(Pull yourself together. She's not going to jump you.)"

mc "(...)"

mc "(...or will she?)"

mc “(It doesn’t matter! I should just ignore her and look for my phone.)”

md “Looking for this?”
	
“In her hand was my phone.”

mc “Y-yeah…”

md “Since you ignored me…”
	
md “I’ll tell ya what. Tell me your name, then kneel on the floor and beg for your phone… and MAYBE I’ll give you it back.”

mc “(Pft… does she really think I’m going to be her dog? Play fire with fire.)”

mc “What if I don’t… and instead I tell the board members what you’re doing right now.”

md “You dare threaten me…?  Hmfph… this arrogant punk.”

“She gave off an angry and aggressive smirk.”

mc “Alright… you win.”

“She tosses the phone across the lecture hall to me.”

mc “(I barely caught it… this girl is crazy.)”

“If you tell anyone this, I’ll make sure you’ll regret ever coming to UCI.”

“Her aggressive tone and words sent shivers throughout my whole body and soul. 

“I felt as if I was the deer being hunted. I’m wasn’t playing with fire… I was sinking in the middle of the ocean!”



#----------End of Player Choice 1----------


“Right before I left Alex came running through the door.”

mc “(Oh no!! This is bad…)”

ax “Hey dude, slow down next ti...”

“He gazed around the room with a shocked expression on his face…”

ax “You.. didn’t do this in like 10 seconds did you...?”

mc “No…”

“I pointed my finger towards her.”

“Alex formed his hand into a gun-like formation with his index finger pointing towards her.”

ax “Hey… Melody...”

mc “(This is so awkward…)”

“Alex then quietly whispers to me.”

ax “Omg dude! This is my chance!”

md “Great… don’t worry, Alex, it’s not permanent…”

“Alex instantly smiles and then whispers to me.”

ax “OMG!! She said my name!!”

“I slammed my hand against my face.”

“With a cool and calm posture he turns towards Melody.”

ax “Yo, no worries… I won’t tell the board or anyone, I promise!”

ax “I only have one favor to ask you though…”

md “What.”

ax “Uhh… do you want to.. eat lunch with us tomorrow?”

md “No.”

mc “(Us?? And damn she rejected his ass quickly.)”

ax “But… I… uh need to ask you questions about audio… effects? I mean… since you did say that you’ll help people out if they have questions for ya.”

“I closed my eyes. I was cringing at every B.S word that he said.”

md “Fine.”

“I slammed my hand against my face again. I can’t believe it worked...”

md “Now get out of my lecture hall. And if any of you tell anyone, I’ll-”

ax “Yeah! Don’t worry… we won’t.”

“With a great sigh we looked at each other and exited the hall.”

SETTING: Outside (night)

ax “Speaking of the devil… awkward.”

mc “You had to come in at the worst time…”

ax “I scored us a lunch date with her though!”

mc “US?! Why did you drag me into this…”

ax “Because! Because... it would be awkward to have a 1 to 1 conversation with a beast like that!”

“He points to me and pokes me.”

ax “And because. You. Are. My. Wingman!”

“I let out a big sigh.”

mc “Fine, whatever.”

mc “What a stressful and awkward situation… Let’s go home now.”

ax “Forreal…”

--Scene 2--

SETTING: Student Center

“It’s the next day. Alex and I have a ‘lunch date’ with Melody. I’m pretty sure this is gonna end up badly somehow...”

ax “Hey dude!”

mc “Why are you so... dressed up?”

mc “Is that... cologne?” 

ax “No girl can resist my beautiful physique.”

ax “HAHAHA!”

mc “Please stop.”

mc “When is she coming?”

“As I speak, someone snatches my lunch right before my eyes.”

md “Mmmh! This looks good!”

mc “Hey wa-!”

mc “...”

md “Thanks for lunch! So nice of you to offer it to me!”

mc “I… whatever.”

mc “(She did find my phone I guess…)”

ax “Hel-.”

“Before Alex can finish a word, she instantly dives into my food like a barbarian.”

md “This is sooo good! Did you cook it!?”

mc “Yeah…”

md “Waah! You have to invite me over to your place sometimes.”

“She looks at me and smiles innocently and then Alex looks at me and rolls his eyes.”

mc “(So that’s how she wants to play it. The innocent, seductive girl that tries to get the two friends to fight over her...)”

md “Oh hi there Alex! Didn’t see you earlier!”

ax “You seem awfully happy this afternoon…”

md “That’s because I, the most beautiful and smart girl, aced my quiz.”

mc “(Alex is right… she’s totally different from the night before. She’s… much happier now.)”

md “Oh yeah Alex, what kind of music related, audio-thingy, did you want to talk about?”

ax “Well-uh…”

mc “(Alex you fool… you didn’t prepare a subject to talk about did you…)”

ax “How about… you join my group this year? Hehe?”

md “Alex…”

md “No.”

“Alex’s face turns extremely mellow as Melody rejects his offer.”

ax “Huh!? Why not…”

md “I’m not going to join your group just because you ask me to. I can do whatever I like.”

md “But…”

“Melody then gives Alex a very distressed look. A kind of innocent and seductive look, kinda like a maiden in distress.”

“Her voice too, started to sound fragile and sincere. She then holds up both of her index fingers and quietly taps them together.”

md “...If you get me a something nice to drink… I might consider helping you out here and there.”

“Alex instantly stood up without hesitation.”

ax “Yes! Of course! Whatever drink you want, I shall buy it and deliver it you!”

“She then pretends to be charmed by Alex’s hospitality.”

md “Ohhh Alex… you’re such a sweet guy. No wonder why all the girls like you so much.”

“Flattered by her over exaggerated words, Alex starts to pad his shoulders and straighten out his outfit.”

mc “(Goodness sake… she got him to make that ‘I’m the best’ face…)”

mc “(Alex you one gullible fool. You got played by her so hard.)”

md “I would like a caramel macchiato, hot, with 2 shots of espresso and make it a venti as well!”

ax “I’ll be right back!”

“He bolts off towards the food court.”

md “Soo… how did I do? That was pretty good, eh?”

mc “He is the only person, in this universe, who would fall for that.”

md “I know.”

“She looks at me and starts to laugh.”

mc “(The way she laughs… it’s pretty charming. I can’t help but to look at her.)”

md “Don’t worry… I’m not trying to use Alex or anything.”

md “I just think it’s cute. Like having a little kid brother.”

“With her elbow on the table and one side of face against her curled up hand, she looks at me and smiles.”

mc “(I’m not gonna lie… she’s… cu-)”

mc “(Control yourself man!! You’re falling for the oldest trick in the book!!)”

md “Oh yeah, we haven’t introduced ourselves to each other yet.”

“She extends her hand out towards me.”

md “I’m Melody, nice to meet you (y/n)!”

#----------Player Choice 2----------
-----option 1: Tell her that you’re not going to fall for her tricks (Bad)

mc “Pft. I’m not going to fall for your tricks.”

md “Aww...  you’re no fun.”



-----option 2: Wait. How did you know my name? (Decent)
mc “(How did you know my name?)”

“She gives a slight grin and remained silent.”

mc “Whatever.”

-----option 3: Alex told you my name, huh? (Good)

mc “(Damn that Alex…)”

mc “Alex told you my name, huh?”

“I grabbed her hand with mine and with a firm grip, I shook her hand.”

md “Ahhh… I see. I can’t fool you.”

mc “...”

---------End of option 2---------

“Just as fast as he had left, Alex came back with her order and she pats him on the head and smiles at him.”

md “Thank you Alex.”

mc “(The expression on his face when she patted him… yup. He’s definitely gone now. Dreaming in his own little world…)”

md “Oh yeah, (y/n), are you planning to pitch a game for the club meeting next week?”

mc “I’ll have to see… I’m not sure if I have time to manage a whole team.”

md “I think you should… the more the merrier!”

“Suddenly, both Alex’s and Melody’s phone vibrated at the same time.”

mc “Hey you dimwit!”

“I gently smack Alex on the head as he intensely stares at Melody.”

ax “Huh?”

mc “Your phone...”

“He looked down at his phone and a few seconds after reading the message his mood and tone changes.”

ax “Melody, we have to go. Now.”

md “Yeah… I know.”

ax “Sorry (y/n), but we gotta go. We’ll talk to you later!”

mc “(Something’s wrong. Something serious…)”

“I quickly grabbed Alex’s wrist.”

mc “Call me after.”

ax “Yeah.”

mc “...”

#Scene 3

SETTING: Player’s apartment

“I waited for hours. Waiting for Alex’s call.”

mc “What’s taking him so long… something happened with VGDC.”

“My phone rang! I quickly grabbed it and picked up.”

mc “Alex! What happened?”

ax “...We’re in big trouble.”

mc “What do you mean.”

ax “The whole VGDC board got called in… and not just us… the Dean staff and professors got involved too.”

mc “The Dean… you mean the student affairs people??”

ax “Yeah…”

ax “Sooo… it seems that Melody’s work of art from the other day was not liked by the professors too much…”

ax “The professors weren’t able to give their lectures today because there was graffiti all over the chalkboard. They called us in to clean it up.”

mc “What!? I thought she cleaned up after herself?”

ax “Well… she didn’t.”

ax “It’s okay though! She didn’t get caught. They don’t have any evidence as to who did it.”

“I let out a big sigh of relief.”

ax “The only evidence that they have is that person probably really, really hates VGDC because a lot of the graffiti was dissing the club.”

mc “Then Melody will be fine as long as she doesn’t do it anymore?”

ax “Yeah… about that. You know the production officer, Kendrick?”

mc “Yeah, the guy with the attitude?”

ax “He’s… accusing Melody of being the one that did it and the two of them got in a big fight. Melody then bolted out the door after.”

mc “That bastard… why does he have to be like that?”

ax “Well… I probably would’ve done the same thing if I were him.”

“Alex starts to giggle.”

mc “What do you mean and why are you giggling?”

ax “Let’s just say that the board didn’t believe Kendrick because he’s… a little bit bias.”

ax “So last year, our boy Kendrick had a little crush on Melody…”

mc “WHAT!? No way! Him and Melody??”

ax “Yeah he was obsessed with her. He would try to do everything to impress her.”

ax “Finally, one day, he decided to ask her to a school dance in front of EVERYONE at the meeting.”

ax “I was there, front row, when Melody flat out rejected him and embarrassed him in front of everyone!”

ax “The fool, he already knew that she wasn’t interested in him or anyone, yet he still set himself up for that one.”

“Alex starts to hysterically laugh.”

ax “Duuuude you should’ve seen it. Okay… most of the people felt bad, but I laughed my ass off.”

mc “...”

ax “I tried to hold it in though, but I couldn’t and it just bursted out. And then others laughed after too.”

ax “I think that’s probably why Kendrick also hates me as well, but oh well, what can you do.”

ax “That’s also the reason why I think she hates the club… Kendrick makes her life so much harder.”

ax “Hey… you still there? Hellooo?”

mc “Yeah, I’m just a bit shook…”

mc “(Everything makes sense… the day that I bumped into Kendrick…)”

ax “Well, that’s basically it. Talk to Melody about it if you see her around and keep our little secret about her artistry low key or else it might escalate to more drama.”

mc “Gotcha. Thanks Alex.”

mc “Wait. One more thing Alex.”

ax “Yeah?”

mc “Do you think she’ll do it again?”

ax “I’m… I’m not sure. Keep an eye on her if you can.”

mc “Yeah.”

mc “Melody…”

#-------------Scene 4-----------------

SETTING: Player’s apartment

“A few has passed since the incident. I’ve submitted my pitch online and now I’m planning out the game, preparing for the actual pitch next meeting.”

“I haven’t seen or talked to Melody yet…”

“I took my phone out of my pocket and called Alex.”

ax “Yo, what’s up.”

mc “Hey, I have a question. Do you know where I can find a piano at school?”

ax “Yeah there’s a public piano room and concert hall right behind the VGDC club meeting place.”

mc “Alright, thanks.”

ax “Doing a piano lesson or what?”

mc “Yea-”

ax “If you’re teaching piano lessons to a girl… and you’re not telling me about it…”

“Without hesitation, I instantly hung up on him.”

mc “Haiyah. That boy and his obsession with girls… unreal.”

SETTING: Piano Concert Hall

mc “Wow… this room is so beautiful! There’s no one here either…”

“A grand piano sat on the middle of the wooden stage, surrounded by the warmth of the incandescent lights.”

“The concert hall isn’t enormous, but the mood and the atmosphere is very subtle and cozy.”

“I went on the stage, sat down on the stool, and started to feel the keys on the piano.”

mc “Soft and beautiful as always… I want to test something.”

“I started to play a few notes.”

mc “(I’m not a professional pianist, but I know enough to impress a few girls.)”

mc “(EHhheh…That was pretty cringe... I sounded kinda like Alex for a bit.)”

“The keys on my fingers felt natural even though I haven’t touched a piano in months. The empty hall was filled by the sound of my creation.”

mc “That’s enough testing for now…”

unknown “That was pretty good.”

mc “(A girl’s voice?)”

“I turned towards the empty stalls to see who it was.”

md “Hey.”

mc “Melody? What are you doing here?”

md “I should ask you the same question.”

“She got up and walked towards the stage, towards me.”

mc “Just testing something. Don’t worry, you’ll soon see.”
md “Ahhh. Interesting.”

“She stood next to me, while I sat, and slowly starts to move her hand across the surface of the piano keys.”

md “This piano… it’s nice.”

md “Well, nice seeing you again, (y/n). I’ll see you around.”

“She gave me a smile before turning and leaving.”

mc “Something or someone is bothering her… I can feel it.”

mc “Can it be… that Kendrick guy?”

mc “Hmm. Maybe I’m over thinking it. I should just mind my own business.”

“I got up and before leaving the concert hall, I turned around and gave it one last glance.”

“As I left the room, I turned to my left and saw the president of VGDC next to me. Surprised by his appearance, I took a few step back.”

“He looks at me and gives me a slight, but beautiful smile.”

jd “That was a beautiful piece that you played there.”

mc “(How did he hear me?? I didn’t remembering seeing him in there.)”

mc “Oh-uh, thanks.”

“He walks away while whistling the tune that I just played.”

mc “What a weird guy…”

mc “Pitch day is tomorrow. I gotta get ready ASAP…”

#Scene 5

#SETTING: anywhere on campus

mc “Today is pitch day and the meeting is going to start soon. I’m already getting some massive butterflies…”






