## YUKIKO ROUTE ##

# INTRO SCENE
    #aldrich park or something
    "I walk out of my boring lecture into the fair weather and stifle a yawn."
    mc "(I know I shouldn't, but I stayed up last night again.)"
    "I pull out my phone while walking slowly and aimlessly on the park's paths."
    mc "(Yesterday's club meeting was interesting.)"
    mc "(Programming sounds like my cup of tea, so I'm going to try to talk to the programming officer.)"
    "The programming officer's name is... Yukiko?"
    mc "(Ah... she's the girl who forcibly escorted me to the club yesterday.)"
    mc "(She seems the most approachable out of all the officers, but that might be a problem itself.)"
    mc "(Oh well. If I want to learn how to program, then she would be the best officer to talk to.)"
    "I clutch my phone hopefully and shuffle weakly over to the game lab."
    #outside of game lab
    "There's a large sign on the door indicating that food and drink are forbidden."
    #knocking sounds
    #some other officer opens the door drinking soda
    mc "Hi, is the programming officer here right now?"
    re "Sorry, Yukiko isn't here right now..."
    mc "Oh, that's okay."
    mc "I'll come back later."
    #disappear reina!
    "I take my leave while shutting the door at the same time."
    mc ("I actually feel like crashing on the nearest soft surface right now.")
    "I attempt to drag myself back home..."
    #switch to aldrich park
    "... and I end up collapsed in the park on the grass."
    mc "(I can't do it anymore...)"
    mc "(I'll rest my eyes... just for a little...)"
    "My vision fills with black as sleep overtakes me."
    #uh, wait 5 seconds or something?
    mc "Ngh...........nnn."
    mc "Just five more minutes..."
    "I allow my eyes to peek open ever so slightly."
    "An unpleasant orange immediately stains my vision as I realize I am facing the sunset."
    "I turn over onto my other side away from the light."
    "I prepare to shut my eyes to go back to sleep until I notice a faint purple through my eyelashes."
    "Opening my eyes further reveals a rather unexpected scene before me."
    mc "Whoa!"
    "I bolt upwards to a sitting position in surprise."
    "Right in front of me is a girl sleeping peacefully on her back."
    "Her long, straight purple hair is slightly astray with strands wavering in the wind."
    mc "(Actually, this wind is getting really strong.)"
    #a gust of wind?!
    "*SNAP!*"
    "A relatively large branch suddenly falls towards her."
    mc "Get out of the way!"
    "She began to stir."
    "Without thinking, I dash into a standing position with her between and below my legs with my back towards the falling branch's trajectory."
    #close up of Yukiko's calm sprite
    "Her crimson eyes flicker for a moment before dilating and meeting mines, seemingly lasting forever due to the adrenaline."
    "As if she understood just by our brief exchange of gazes, her sleepy face snaps to one of urgency as she suddenly jumped up and tackled me."
    #thud
    mc "OOHOUGH!"
    "I wasn't prepared for a hit by a surprising amount of force from the front, so I toppled backwards onto the grass, disheveled but out of harm's way."
    "The branch hits the ground with a loud crack."
    "We sit there in surreal silence for a few moments before the girl sitting on top of me finally speaks."
    #nervous
    yu "Gosh, what are you doing?"
    yu "That branch almost hit you!"
    "Her girly, singsong voice comes out light but worried."
    mc "Wait, what?!"
    mc "That's my line!"
    mc "A branch fell towards you while you were sleeping and I was trying to block it."
    #calm
    yu "Hmm, that's what happened?"
    mc "Yes, it did..."
    mc "(Why did I even try?)"
    #smile
    yu "C'mon, cheer up!"
    yu "Sorry, I was just teasing you."
    "I put my hand on my forehead in exasperation and suddenly wince in pain."
    #calm
    yu "Oh, you have a cut on your hand."
    "She fumbles around in her pocket for a moment before pulling out two bandaids."
    #happy
    yu "which one would you like?"
    mc "Uhh.."
    yu "Bzzt, time's up; you get both!"
    #calm
    "Her face resets into one of pure concentration."
    yu "Oh wait, I should probably clean this first."
    "She pulls out a handkerchief and gently wipes the blood and dirt from my injury."
    yu "I'm sure I should have put some antiseptic on first, but we don't have that right now..."
    "She tears open a bandaid and carefully places it over my cut, her hands working with an unexpected speed and precision."
    mc "You seem like you're used to this."
    yu "..."
    "She repeats the process except with another bandaid, forming a cross pattern on the back of my hand."
    #happy
    "Admiring her work, she smiles to herself in satisfaction while still sitting on me."
    #calm
    mc "Could you move of--"
    yu "Sorry, did you say something earlier?"
    mc "Oh, uh, you seem like you're used to this."
    #nervous
    yu "Ah, I tend to get little cuts and bruises a lot."
    yu "Sometimes, when I'm walking around and thinking about something, I bump into a whole lot of stuff!"
    mc "Is that why you carry bandaids on you?"
    #happy
    yu "Yep!"
    #calm
    yu "Did they help you feel better?"
    mc "Sure, but why two?"
    yu "It's cooler that way."
    yu "Don't you think it's like some cool symbol thingy on your hand?"
    #happy
    yu "Everyone knows crosses are cooler than straight lines."
    yu "Like, paths having crossed once is more charming than being parallel lines who are always besides each other but will never touch?"
    mc "But couldn't you just use one bandaid though?"
    mc "(God, I'm letting myself get caught up in this girl's pace.)"
    yu "But one bandaid by itself will get lonely."
    #calm
    "The girl directs her eyes upwards and rests an index finger on her chin, as if thinking."
    "I expect another eccentric line out of her but she quickly subverts my expectations again."
    yu "Hey, aren't you [mcname]?!"
    #happy
    "Contrary to what I expected, her face lights up with the intensity of a thousand suns."
    mc "I was looking for you."
    mc "(To be honest, I've never had anyone so earnestly happy to see me before.)"
    mc "(That, and I'm beginning to become more conscious of her weight on me.)"
    "I can feel my face begin tinting a light shade of crimson."
    "She leans in a bit closer despite already sitting on me."
    yu "What can I do for you today?"
    mc "You can get off me first."
    #nervous
    yu "Oh, sorry."
    "She whispers that rather quietly."
    mc "(That was surprisingly meek of her.)"
    #remove her sprite
    "We dust the dirt and plant matter off ourselves."
    #bring her sprite back at a reasonable distance and calm
    mc "Why were you napping next to me?"
    yu "Well, I walked to the game lab and Reina described a male student who was looking for me."
    mc "(I wonder what Reina said about me...)"
    yu "I remembered I abduct -- I mean persuaded a guy matching the description yesterday to join the club."
    #change to happy sprite in the middle of the line? "I mean persuaded"
    mc "(No, you totally kidnapped me.)"
    yu "I was walking back and noticed you napping on the grass."
    yu "You looked so peaceful, I didn't want to wake you."
    #calm
    yu "I sat down waited but the weather was so nice and the wind was so cool."
    yu "The birds were chirping, and the rays of the sun were so warm!"
    mc "Don't worry, I understand. I would have napped too."
    #happy
    yu "Riiiiiight?"
    mc "Now why was I looking for you again?"
    yu "Programming?"
    yu "It's the only thing I do."
    mc "Oh, right, programming!"
    #calm
    yu "What's your experience level?"
    mc "I'm a complete beginner."
    "I look away rather sheepishly."
    #happy
    yu "Don't worry! Learning is what this club is for."
    yu "Everyone starts somewhere."
    mc "When did you start?"
    #fear
    yu "Uhh..."
    mc "Hmm?"
    yu "When I was... six."
    mc "Oh."
    yu "Sorry, I didn't mean to get you down."
    yu "Don't worry [mcname], what we do here is for everybody to learn!"
    #happy
    yu "I'll teach you personally!"
    yu "Or if you would prefer something else, there are a lot of tutorials online on how to get started with Python!"
    yu "Python is what they teach here in the introductory class and it's the easiest to get started with, and--"
    "The school bell chimes."
    mc "Oh crap, I'm gonna be late for my evening lab!"
    #sad
    yu "Oh..."
    "She looks a bit disappointed, but I don't have a choice."
    mc "I'll see you at the programming workshop, okay?"
    mc "(I tell that her gently as if somehow consoling her.)"
    #happy
    yu "Yep!"
    mc "(Well, she got better quickly.)"
    yu "See you later!"
    mc "Bye!"
    yu "By the way, thanks for protecting me!"
    #make her sprite disappear
    "She scurries off before I could say anything else."
    "I turn around and walk away with what must have been a smile on my face."
    "It then occurs to me that I forgot to ask her when the workshop will be."
    #fadeout
#end of intro

#scene1 programming workshop
    "A week later in the game lab..."
    #fade into game lab
    #yukiko nervous
    yu "A-and so, for testing code, they say that ninety percent of the work goes into the last ten percent of software, so it's like ten times the effort for a tenth of the fun..."
    "She says all this with strange inflections in her tone of voice."
    yu "(She's so nervous..)"
    "Yukiko proceeds to drop all her notes onto the floor."
    yu "Ahh! I'm so sorry everyone!"
    mc "(Wow, she's a mess right now.)"
    mc "(I don't know much about programming to be able to say anything to help her out.)"
    "A few other students and I stand up to help her gather her dropped papers."
    #fade to black short timeskip
    "The rest of the meeting went shakily but steadily."
    "Much to Yukiko's dismay, a lot of students had questions for her afterwards."
    "I waited until everyone dispersed to approach her."
    #sad yukiko sprite going downwards
    yu "Uuuu..."
    "She slumps down onto a desk in the corner."
    mc "Hey, Yukiko."
    "From the top of the desk, she directs a cute upward gaze against me as if projecting a telepathic barrier with her eyes to prevent any further inquiries."
    "I almost felt like a criminal walking up to her."
    mc "That must have been stressful."
    "Her eyes give up on arresting me and face forward into empty space."
    yu "I wish it wasn't."
    mc "What do you mean?"
    yu "I always get like this with large groups."
    yu "The way the saying goes is to picture everyone in their underwear, but really, how would that help?"
    yu "If anything, I would feel like I'm the one who's out of place being the only one wearing clothes."
    "Yukiko sighs."
    yu "Two is great, three's a party, but any more than that.. I.."
    mc "Get overwhelmed?"
    "She gives a slight nod with her head as much as being on a flat surface would allow."
    mc "You were so talkative when you met me though."
    #nervous
    yu "I just woke up from a nap so I was refreshed and the adrenaline of almost being hit by a branch and you seemed like a good person and--"
    "I might be imagining it, but it looks like her eyes are spinning in circles from the speed at which she is looking around."
    mc "Thanks. It wasn't what I expected when I took a nap in the park, but I had fun talking to you."
    #calm
    "Her eyes lock onto me again."
    yu "Really?"
    "She utters that word timidly."
    mc "I mean it. I mean, you seem like a person who would have a lot of friends."
    "As the words left my mouth, I immediately regret speaking before thinking."
    #sad
    "My fears are justified as her hopeful expression unravels."
    yu "That's not true, though."
    yu "I've talked to a lot of people here, but I don't have many people I can call a friend."
    yu "At this school, maybe only Reina."
    mc "Maybe?"
    #knocking sounds
    "As if we spoke of the devil, Reina suddenly enters the game lab."
    #reina calm sprite entering from the side
    "As she scanned the room for a place to sit, Reina's expression changes from a slight smile upon spotting Yukiko to a slight frown upon seeing me."
    re "Yuki... is he bothering you?"
    "I involuntarily flinch at the timid girl's sharp words."
    mc "(Now that I think about it, standing over and talking down to Yukiko like this doesn't exactly look very friendly.)"
    mc "Oh sorry, I was just.."
    "Yukiko stands up and suddenly glomps Reina."
    #move a happy Yukiko up and towards Reina surprised
    re "Kyah!"
    yu "Don't worry Reina. He was just comforting me after my big workshop flop."
    #Reina blush and wriggling a bit
    "Reina wriggles around a bit like a captured animal, but quickly lets out a sigh of resignation to her fate."
    #Reina calm
    re "Yuki, you know the only reason they always have questions is because they aren't getting what you're saying during your presentation."
    #Yukiko sad
    yu "Uuuu..."
    #Reina calm
    re "That being said... if you have any worries... you can just come to me."
    #Yukiko surprised
    "Yukiko makes a surprised face but quickly turns into sunshines and rainbows in response."
    #Yukiko happy
    yu "Reina!"
    "She holds onto Reina even tighter."
    re "Agh.. I'm choking.."
    "I couldn't help but fail at surpressing a laugh at such a heartwarming scene."
    "Reina seems to be uncomfortable but I couldn't shake the feeling that she looks slightly happy."
    re "Well? What's on your mind?"
    yu "I... don't have many friends here."
    re "And that bothers you, right?"
    yu "Yeah."
    "Reina shrinks down a bit deeper into Yukiko's embrace."
    re "I know... I'm the worst person you could ask for advice about this but..."
    re "I see you talking to a lot of people all the time."
    #Yukiko sad
    yu "Right?"
    re "Wait.. I'm not finished."
    re "At least from my perspective... when you talk to them..."
    re "It looks like you're not being yourself."
    #Yukiko surprised
    yu "Really?"
    mc "(I wonder if the Yukiko who bandaged me is the same as the Yukiko sitting in front of me right now.)"
    re "So what you can do is..."
    re "At least for me.. I don't want many friends."
    re "But if you're not satisfied with your amount of friends, you should go out and talk to people."
    #Yukiko calm
    re "Not like talking, but... connecting."
    yu "You mean like speaking what's on my mind, or..?"
    re "Not exactly that..."
    mc "I've kind of read a book about this before."
    mc "Maybe you have to stop being polite and start being real?"
    mc "Not everyone will like you so you have to show people who you really are so they can decide to like you or not?"
    "They both stare at me."
    mc "Oh sorry, that sounds silly, doesn't it?"
    yu "No, it doesn't."
    re "If you backpedal now... you would be a hypocrite."
    yu "Since [mcname] would be denying what he just said?"
    mc "(Ack, they got me there!)"
    mc "I was just mentioning something I read; it doesn't mean I necessarily believe in it."
    yu "True..."
    mc "But then again, knowing about the books someone reads probably tells a lot about them..."
    #fade to black
    "We continue to discuss how to make friends for a good hour."
    #back to the park yet again
    #Yukiko happy very close to Reina calm
    "Even while walking back in the park, Yukiko clings to Reina."
    re "This is where I'm turning... so..."
    #yeah uh try your best to show the following?
    "Reina effortlessly slips out under Yukiko's arms by simply bending her knees and kneeling down."
    re "See you later, Yuki..."
    #Reina sprite fades away
    #Yukiko nervous
    yu "Poor Reina must be really exhausted from all that socializing."
    yu "She doesn't usually talk that much at all."
    mc "How did you become friends?"
    #Yukiko happy
    "She poses her arms on her hips and puffs her chest out proudly."
    yu "I caught her alone in the game lab one day and the rest was history."
    mc "(You caught her..?)" #Italicize caught?
    mc "I'd like to hear more about that potentially incriminating evidence you just--"
    #cockblock phone rings
    mc "Sorry, can I take this?"
    yu "Of course!"
    "I answer my phone to the voice of a friend I made at school."
    mc "What's up? Yeah. Oh, I'm just walking back from around the computer science building. Sounds fun! Okay. Alright, see you then."
    "I was about to hang up when an idea abruptly pops into my head."
    mc "Actually, wait..."

    #Choice A1 - Invite Yukiko to group hangout
    "I put down my phone for a moment."
    mc "Hey Yukiko, wanna go grab a bite with us?"
    #nervous
    "She begins fidgeting and hesitates to answer until I give her an encouraging smile."
    yu "Um, sure."
    "We head to the food court and I grab some overpriced fish tacos."
    "Yukiko just asks for a water cup."
    "....."
    "Time passes as we just chat together about nothing in particular."
    "....."
    "It was a bit awkward, but Yukiko's true personality shined through here and there."
    "My friends part ways for class while getting the wrong idea about Yukiko and I, goading me as they left."
    #calm
    mc "I swear they're nice people."
    yu "You all seem to get along very well."
    #sad
    yu "... I was just being weird."
    mc "No, you weren't being weird. You were fine."
    mc "It's only natural to be a bit reserved when you first meet people."
    #nervous
    yu "Um, [mcname], can I ask you a question?"
    mc "You just did."
    yu "Can I ask you another question after this question?"
    mc "Shoot."
    yu "Um, I just had a feeling, so if I'm totally wrong, just correct me, but..."
    mc "Mmhmm?"
    yu "You seemed like you were making an extra effort involve me in the conversations."
    mc "What made you think that?"
    yu "You were being pretty awkward yourself."
    mc "Ugh..."
    "I feel like I had just been stabbed in the chest.
    mc "So that's how it looked to you."
    #happy
    yu "Thank you, [mcname]."
    "I can't stop my face from flushing slightly as I deny it."
    mc "Nah, I didn't do anything..."
    "I quickly change the subject."
    #calm
    mc "Hey Yukiko, what kind of food do you like?"
    yu "I don't really like food."
    mc "What."
    mc "How can you not like food?"
    #happy
    yu "Aha, sorry. I phrased that wrong."
    #calm
    yu "I try to go as long as possible without eating."
    yu "When I do have to eat, I just inhale the minimum amount of food I need to function and I hurry back to my computer."
    "She picks up one of my fish tacos and devours it one bite to demonstrate."
    mc "MY TACO!!!"
    "I melodramatically agonize over the death of my beloved taco."
    yu "What's in a fish taco?"
    mc "Didn't you just eat it?"
    #nervous
    yu "I didn't taste anything though."
    mc "What a waste...
    "I grit my teeth and clutch my fist while staring downwards to observe a moment of silence for the wasted food."
    #calm
    yu "You know, I do love water though.
    "I couldn't help but stare at her curiously."
    yu "I just have to take a sip and I already feel refreshed."
    yu "I can also keep a bottle next to me at my desk all the time."
    mc "So you're saying bottled water is the best thing to happen since sliced bread?"
    #nervous
    yu "No, [mcname], I'm saying programming is the best thing to happen since bottled water!"
    mc "Or is bottled water the best thing to happen since programming?"
    #calm
    yu "Ehh? I haven't thought about it that way."
    yu "....."
    mc "....."
    yu "Pfft.."
    mc "Hahahaha!"
    #happy
    "We both laugh to ourselves and have a good time until we part for class."
    #fade out

    #Choice A2 - Keep Yukiko company
    mc "Something came up today. I have to pass this time."
    mc "Mmhm, talk to you later. Bye."
    #cell phone beep
    mc "Now, where were we?"
    #calm
    yu "Who was that?"
    mc "Just some friends seeing if I want to hang out."
    yu "Shouldn't you go hang out with them?"
    mc "I don't feel like it today."
    #happy
    yu "Uwaaah, [mcname] sure is mean to his friends!"
    mc "Okay, the real reason is that when I meet a new friend, I like to spend time to get to know them."
    yu "Who's that? Have I met them before?"
    "I flash a smile at Yukiko who returns a confused smile."
    mc "(Wait, is she serious?)"
    #calm
    yu "..."
    mc "It's you."
    yu "..."
    yu "Oh! I didn't think of that."
    "She rests a fist on the back of her head, flashes a smile, and sticks her tongue out while winking."
    mc "(I'm not sure if I find that cute or disturbing.)"
    mc "Wanna go grab a bite?
    yu "Okay."
    #fade to black
    "We head to the food court and I grab some overpriced fish tacos."
    "Yukiko just asks for a water cup."
    #food court
    #fade in, Yukiko should still be calm sprite
    mc "Hey Yukiko, what kind of food do you like?"
    yu "I don't really like food."
    "I stop eating."
    mc "What."
    mc "How can you not like food?"
    #happy
    yu "Aha, sorry. I phrased that wrong."
    #calm
    yu "I try to go as long as possible without eating."
    yu "When I do have to eat, I just inhale the minimum amount of food I need to function and I hurry back to my computer."
    "She picks up one of my fish tacos and devours it one bite to demonstrate."
    mc "MY TACO!!!"
    "I melodramatically agonize over the death of my beloved taco."
    yu "What's in a fish taco?"
    mc "Didn't you just eat it?"
    #nervous
    yu "I didn't taste anything though."
    mc "What a waste...
    "I grit my teeth and clutch my fist while staring downwards to observe a moment of silence for the wasted food."
    #calm
    yu "You know, I do love water though.
    "I couldn't help but stare at her curiously."
    yu "I just have to take a sip and I already feel refreshed."
    yu "I can also keep a bottle next to me at my desk all the time."
    mc "So you're saying bottled water is the best thing to happen since sliced bread?"
    #nervous
    yu "No, [mcname], I'm saying programming is the best thing to happen since bottled water!"
    mc "Or is bottled water the best thing to happen since programming?"
    #calm
    yu "Ehh? I haven't thought about it that way."
    yu "....."
    mc "....."
    yu "Pfft.."
    mc "Hahahaha!"
    #happy
    "We both laugh to ourselves and have a good time until we part for class."
    #fade out
#end of scene1

#scene2 player gets a team and help with programming
    "I haven't seen Yukiko since we had lunch together, but we exchanged numbers before we left."
    "We texted each other mostly about random crap, like how four hours of sleep isn't a lot, but a four hour nap is."
    "I sheepishly grin to myself walking to the building where the club meeting is taking place again."
    #SSLH
    mc "(I would be lying if I said I don't look forward to our weird exchanges.)"
    "I enter the lecture hall in the middle of someone's game pitch and get a few looks from the packed audience."
    "I hasten my walk of shame and plop down into the first random seat I could find."
    "The current pitch doesn't catch my interest so my eyes inevitably begin wandering around the room."
    #All the officers' calm sprites except JD together on screen, Reina next to Yukiko with both of them on the right
    "I notice that most of the officers sit together on the stage, maintaining an air of professionalism."
    mc "(What's Yukiko doing?)"
    "I see Yukiko listening to the pitches like the good officer she is."
    mc "Wait..."
    "Now that I look more closely, I notice she is actually staring in the podium's general direction. Her eyes aren't focused."
    "She seems to be silently drumming her fingers on her leg."
    mc "Poor Yukiko..."
    "I silently offer a prayer for her."
    "Her eyes suddenly dart towards my direction."
    mc "(It's just a coincidence, right? Or she could be looking at someone else.)"
    "Her eyes quickly shift back to the direction of the podium."
    "I remind myself that the students pitching the games are putting their ideas out there and deserve respect."
    "The current student's pitch describes programming in lua for a game mod."
    mc "(It can't be THAT game, can it?)"
    "As the pitch goes on, the student never mentions the name of the game, but all the clues point to a game I hold dear to my heart as part of my childhood."
    mc "Larry's Mod!"
    "In my fit of nostalgia, I accidentally blurt that out rather loudly and attract the attention of nearby audience members and the officers."
    #Alexander serious and Melody Angry
    "I receive a lot of sideward gazes for my interruption and certain officers I will not name appear to be arresting me with their gazes."
    #Yukiko nervous
    "Yukiko is trying in vain to give me a disciplinary look, but her quivering features indicates she appears to be preoccupied with suppressing a smile."
    "I mutter a meek apology dispersed in no one's direction in particular and remain dead silent for the rest of the presentations."
    "It's fine though, because I know which project I want to work on."
    #no more officer sprites and fade to black
    "The rest of the pitches finish and I head towards the stage to join the other students asking officers and game pitchers questions."
    #fade back in
    #Yukiko nervous
    "Most of the members are programmers, so a rabid pack of students are swarming Yukiko with questions."
    mc "(Wouldn't Reina help Yukiko right now?)"
    #Reina calm
    "I look for Reina, but she is occupied with her own group of students."
    mc "Right."
    #Reina calm go away
    mc "(Plus, that would be considered coddling Yukiko, wouldn't it?)"
    mc "(But helping out just a little bit wouldn't hurt, right?)"
    "I wrack my brain for ideas."
    mc "(Yukiko said she's bad with big groups...)"
    mc "(Wait, duh! If they asked one-by-one, it would be easier on her!)"
    #Yukiko nervous
    "I stride over and break through Yukiko's circle of interviewers."
    "I clear my throat and prepare my best voice of authority."
    mc "Hey guys, I think everyone would get their questions answered a lot faster we asked one at a time!"
    "Everyone observes a moment of silence during which I imagined being lynched by the mob."
    "Yukiko looks at me surprised like everyone else for a moment, but gives an almost invisible nod to show that she got my cue."
    #Yukiko happy
    yu "I think that's a great idea, w-would everyone form a neat, single-file line for me please?"
    "It's as if everyone suddenly remembers that they're mature, adult college students."
    "A line forms in front of Yukiko and she tackles their inquiries one-on-one with the speed of an experienced officer."
    "I watch her proudly like a mother bird witnessing her young flying for the first time."
    "Yukiko continues answering questions without missing a beat."
    #fade to black
    "Like a knight mowing down a goblin army with a sword, she whittles the crowd down until it was time to vacate the hall."
    #fade into outside SSLH
    #Yukiko calm
    yu "I'm so done."
    mc "You need anything? Food? Water?"
    yu "My computer."
    mc "Right, priorities."
    yu "I should head back now."
    yu "See you later..."
    #uh shuffle the sprite away
    "She begins shuffling away..."
    #move Yukiko sprite to the side quickly and change to nervous expression while bicycle bell sound plays twice
    "... and narrowly avoids a collision with a speeding biker."
    mc "You know what, I'm walking you back."
    #fade out
    "After I walked her home, I immediately started teaching myself how to program."
#end of scene2

#scene3 midterms vs project help
    #mc apartment
    "I got onto my dream project team, but..."
    mc "This is so hard!!!"
    "I remember Yukiko said that people usually learn Python first, but I jumped into another language."
    "Since the deadline for me to complete my portion of the work is next week, I've been bugging my project leader about the intricacies of lua at least every ten minutes while working."
    mc "(He's been very reliable and patient with me, but that's exactly why I shouldn't keep bothering him.)"
    mc "(He has his own life and midterms too...)"
    mc "Maybe Yukiko could help me with this."
    "I rub my forehead in frustration and let my gaze wander over to a stack of textbooks on my desk."
    mc "(Wait, midterms!)"
    mc "Is this what they call being between a rock and a hard place?"
    "I don't want to turn in crap, but I don't want to fail my classes either..."
    mc "(What do I do?)"

    #Choice B1 - Study for midterms
    mc "I can't change the dates of the midterms but I can just work harder later to make up my part for the project."
    "I nod to myself confidently."
    "I spend the rest of the day with my face buried in textbooks."
    #fade to black

    #Choice B2 - Get help from Yukiko
    mc "(Is it okay for me to ask her for help?)"
    mc "(Guess I'll try...)"
    "I call Yukiko."
    #phone ringing sound thing
    "This is my first time calling her."
    "The phone keeps ringing, but it doesn't seem like she's going to pick up."
    "I almost hang up when her voice suddenly caresses my eardrums."
    yu "Hello?"
    mc "Hey, do you have some spare time?"
    mc "I could really use a hand with programming in lua."
    yu "I'm at my apartment right now."
    mc "Should we meet in the game lab?"
    yu "No, going outside is a pain; just come over."
    "She casually invites me over with a bored tone."
    "Normally I would be very ecstatic, but her attitude makes it difficult to let my thoughts sidetrack into less than pure territory."
    yu "Do you have a laptop?"
    mc "Yes, I'm on my way."
    yu "Kay, bye."
    #fade to black
    #Yukiko's apartment outside
    #fade in
    "I text her to let her know I'm outside."
    "She opens the door with her hair slightly disheveled."
    yu "Hi."
    mc "Sup."
    yu "Without giving me cue to follow, she shuffles back inside."
    #Yukiko's apartment inside
    "I follow her to find the living room void of furniture and a few filled trash bags lined up next to the door."
    yu "My room is this way. Well, it's pretty obvious, I guess."
    mc "Do you have any roommates?"
    yu "Nope."
    "She lets out a yawn while walking into her room."
    "I come in and see a bed, desk with a computer, and an office chair."
    "She leaves the light off and works in the darkness."
    mc "(I'm not sure how to put it, but it's very Yukiko.)"
    mc "Did you just wake up by any chance?"
    yu "Yeeeeeaaaaah."
    mc "Are you awake?"
    yu "Maybe."
    "I give her a very soft punch on the head."
    yu "Owie."
    "She falls back onto the cushion of her black office chair which let out a sigh as if it was just as tired as its owner."
    "From her desk, she picks up and tosses a paperback manual at my face that smacks me painlessly in the face and falls to the floor."
    mc "I'm suing you."
    yu "I'm pretty sure I can afford a better lawyer than you."
    mc "Fair enough, since you can afford to live in a 2 bedroom apartment by yourself."
    yu "With a little help from financial aid, I do enough freelance work to support myself."
    "She turns her chair back to her computer and resumes her work."
    yu "I don't have any friends to room with here."
    mc "Couldn't you just find other female students?"
    yu "I only know Reina here and she d"
    mc "Must be nice."
    yu "It gets lonely sometimes."
    "I peer over curiously at Yukiko who remains focused on her monitor."

    "I pick up the manual and read the title aloud."
    mc "Lua for Dummies."
    yu "Just use that as reference."
    "She says that without looking at me."
    mc "Um, is this really different from searching for it on the internet?"
    yu "I'll be here in case you don't get anything."
    #fade to black
#end of scene3

#scene4 Confession Scene
    #UTC at night
    mc "(Actually managing to call her out here still feels like a dream.)"
    mc "(The cool breeze flowing through the azure night reminds me of time passing by.)"
    mc "(It lulls a me into a reverie of emotional procrastination as I put off processing my feelings of excitement and anxiety.)"
    mc "(The growing sound of rhythmical tapping of boots on concrete breaks me out of my trance.)"
    mc "Hey, Yukiko."
    yu "Hey, MC, you know I've been wondering for the whoooooooooole day what important thing you could possibly have to tell me at the dead of night."
    mc "Oh yeah, sorry about calling you out this late."
    yu "Don't worry, I don't mind."
    yu "I usually stay up working past this hour anyways!"
    mc "You sure work as hard as ever, huh?"
    yu "When I get in the zone, it I just forget that things are moving around me."
    mc "I really like that about you."
    #happy
    yu "Thanks!"
    #Yukiko tries to make small talk
    mc "U-um, let's get to what I came out here to talk to you about!"
    yu "Right, right; sorry for sidetracking."
    mc "Well... you see..."
    #calm
    yu "Yes?"
    mc "I like yu..."
    mc "... mmy fish tacos."
    yu "Me too."
    mc "You didn't even taste -- wait, that's not what I meant!"
    mc "I mean I like you!
    yu "I know."
    "I tried to pick my jaw off the floor."
    mc "You do?"
    #happy
    yu "I like you too!"
    "I'm so taken aback that I can't think of anything to say, so I stammer something stupid instead."
    mc "T-that's good."
    "She stares at me smiling as I fry my brain on what to do next."
    "She's probably expecting something and I can't stand it anymore, so I move automatically."
    #zoom in on that Yukiko sprite, change to nervous
    yu "Is there something on my face, [mcname]?"
    "Her confused, innocent line manages to knock out all the courage I mustered in one foul swoop."
    #zoom out
    "I back off dejectedly."
    mc "Oh, nothing of the sort."
    "It suddenly hits me that she might not know what I'm getting at."
    mc "(But really, even in this kind of situation..?)"
    mc "Hey, Yukiko?"
    yu "Yes?"
    mc "So you like me, right?"
    #happy
    yu "A lot, yeah!"
    mc "Do you like Reina too?"
    yu "Even more!"
    mc "(Okay, that stings a little, but I have to go on.)"
    mc "I like you in a romantic way."
    yu "Oh."
    mc "..."
    yu "....."
    #calm
    mc "......."
    yu "........."
    #nervous
    mc "..........."
    yu "............."
    #blush
    yu "Wait what when did this start I can't believe you would fall for someone like me oh but there were a lot of boys who gave me attention when I was growing up but I never got back to them so I don't really know how this works and--"
    "She loses control of her intonation so her voice oscillates between various pitches just like when she gets nervous in front of groups."
    mc "Yukiko--"
    yu "I'm not really against the idea but you know wouldn't it be weird if people at the club noticed us together or maybe they already see us that way and I don't really care in the end but oh my gosh what would Reina do to you after she finds out--"
    mc "Yukiko!"
    yu "I wanna crawl back to my computer right now but at the same time I don't so it's a really big issue for me right now right now but oh my gosh that was an attempt at kissing me earlier and I completely missed what you were getting at and--"
    #zoom in on that sprite baby
    "I decide to speak through actions instead of words, pulling her into a secure, yet gentle embrace."
    yu "....."
    "Yukiko's panicked rambling trails off into quiet murmurs, and finally, into muffled breaths as she rested her face onto my chest."
    "The tension of her body fades away as she leans her weight on me in silent consent..."
#end of scene4

#scene5 normie date
    #UTC daytime? I mean idk where else tehy would go to hang near UCI
    "Yukiko and I may be official now, but our relationship didn't really change from before.
    "Well, one little thing might have changed..."
    #happy
    yu "Hi [mcname]!"
    mc "Hey!"
    "She's even more beautiful than before."
    #calm
    "Or at least in my eyes, she is.
    "Everyone seems to wear the same outfit over and over again."
    "I pop the question."
    mc "Hey Yukiko, why does everyone around here seem to wear the same clothes everyday?"
    yu "Are you familiar with no outfit november?"
    mc "Is that a thing?"
    yu "Nah, I'm just messing with you."
    yu "Sometimes, it's best not to pry into things too closely and just enjoy the journey."
    mc "How can I enjoy the journey if I don't understand it?"
    yu "Some things don't need to be understood, [mcname]."
    #happy
    "She grabs my hand and leads me along towards the plaza."
    mc "Where are we going?"
    #calm
    yu "I don't know."
    "I stare at her rather confusedly, but I realize she can't see my expression as she was scanning the plaza to pick out a restaurant."
    yu "How about this place?"
    mc "A ramen restaurant? Have you tried it before?"
    #nervous
    yu "I've had a lot of the instant kind at home."
    "I smile wryly at her mainstream college student tendencies."
    mc "I don't think that counts, Yukiko."
    #calm
    #door chime
    "Still holding hands, we clumsily stumble over each other's feet into the store."
    #fade to black
    #wait 5 seconds
    #door chime
    yu "That was soooo good!"
    mc "I'm surprised you can taste anything wolfing it down like that."
    #smile
    yu "I'm surprised you can taste staring at me eat my food."
    mc "In my defense, I was captivated.
    #nervous
    yu "Is this the start of a cheesy line?"
    mc "No, it was like watching a wild lioness devour her prey without a second thought."
    yu "Did you just call me a wild animal?"
    #sad
    "Yukiko feigns anger and turns away from me in protest."
    "I decide to play along."
    mc "Yukiko, I'm sorry!"
    mc "Yukikoooo?"
    #zoom into that sprite baby
    "I get close enough to whisper in her ear."
    mc "Yuki..."
    #blush
    "With my shenanigans, I manage to start her into jumping a few feet away from me as her face flushed red."
    yu "Reina might assault you if she hears you calling me that."
    mc "Does it bother you?"
    mc "I think it's a really cute nickname."
    yu "No, that name is part of Reina's intellectual property, so you can't plagiarize it."
    mc "Sweety? Maybe honey? Or how about darling?"
    #nervous
    yu "I think I'm starting to feel kind of nauseous."
    mc "Kidding. Teasing you is just really fun."
    mc "Can't spell Yukiko without the 'ko.'"
    mc "The k stands for kind and the o stands for outgoing."
    yu "There you go with the cheesy lines again..."
    #calm
    yu "[mcname], I'm not feeling very well..."
    mc "What's wrong? Did the food not sit well with you?"
    "She takes small, unsure steps into random directions."
    mc "(This could be disorientation due to food poisoning..!)"
    yu "I'm feeling... feeling..."
    "I grab her shoulders to steady her."
    mc "Feeling?"
    "Yukiko lets out a big yawn."
    yu "A strong food coma."
    "I poke her on the forehead."
    mc "Don't scare me like that, dummy."
    "She stares at me with hazy eyes."
    mc "You wanna go home?"
    yu "Yeah..."
    "While saying that, she latches onto my arm and leans her weight on me."
    "I walk her home gently."
    #fade to black
    #yukiko apartment outside
    "We arrive to the familiar outside of an apartment."
    mc "Hey Yukiko, need help getting your keys?"
    yu "Nah, I think I'll be okay..."
    "She lets go of my arm, straightens her posture, and adopts a focused gaze."
    "Yukiko fishes her hand inside of her bag for a while as I watched."
    "After a short period of rustling, she stands triumphantly with a glistening ring of metal in her hand."
    #happy
    "She unlocks the door while the corners of her mouth curve upwards somewhat mischievously at me."
    mc "For someone who was just sleeping on my arm, you sure got better fast."
    yu "Your arm has magical healing properties."
    "She walks inside without giving me an opportunity to respond."
    "I shrug and follow her in."
    #Yukiko apartment inside
    "The inside is still barren, but the rubbish adorning the living room from the last time I visited are all gone."
    mc "(Did she expect me to come over today?)"
    "Yukiko gestures to her room."
    yu "Come in."
    "I don't know what I'm getting into, but I can only obey my girlfriend being strangely assertive."
    "I scamper inside with my tail tucked between my legs."
    #Yukiko room?
    yu "Sit down."
    mc "Okay."
    #sitting noises? pomf?
    yu "I'm gonna go shower."
    mc "I see."
    #fade out yukiko sprite
    "I sit there calmly doing nothing for the next 15 minutes."
    #wait a bit?
    #calm
    "She returns with an air of sweet shampoo wafting from her still slightly damp hair."
    yu "I haven't done it in a while because of work, but I guess I can spare enough time today."
    mc "Doing what?"
    yu "Video games."
    mc "Oh."
    yu "What?"
    mc "Nothing."
    "....."
    mc "I just didn't see a console in your room so I thought we were doing something else."
    yu "There are games on PC too."
    mc "Oh, I usually play most games on console with a controller."
    #happy
    yu "Then today's the day for you try out the games I have on my computer!"
    mc "Are you gonna be playing with me?"
    #calm
    yu "Yeah, you can use controllers with the keyboard, or just use the controllers by themselves."
    mc "Heck yeah! As long as I have controls I'm used to, I can mop the floor with you."
    #happy
    yu "Is that a challenge?"
    #nervous
    yu "I wanted to play co-op games, but if you want to throw down, then..."
    #fade to black
    #calm
    "Yukiko proceeds to decimate me in every game genre possible, even first-person shooters and fighting games, the ones I thought I were good at."
    mc "No way..."
    "Outside of fighting games, Yukiko wasn't even trying."
    #happy
    "In fact, she spent a lot of her time watching me and giggling at my dismay every time she scored a headshot on me in , wiped out my base in Mooncraft, or "
    yu "Do you want to play co-op games yet?"
    "She says that with a genuine innocence that my pride embellishes with mocking intent."
    mc "I think I can live with just one more rematch on Tori Faiter."
    "I'm determined to win at least once against Yukiko, so I put on my game face."
    #calm
    mc "Good Queen of Cats, nothing but one of your nine lives, that I mean to make bold withal, and, as you shall use me hereafter, dry-beat the rest of the eight.
    mc "Will you pluck your controller out of his pilcher by the ears? Make haste, lest mine be about your ears ere it be out."
    "Yukiko plays along without missing a beat."
    yu "I am for you."
    "I might be good enough to defeat her in Tori Faiter with a bit of luck."
    "At least in this game, she has to try in order to beat me."
    "....."
    "She's beating me again."
    mc "(Instead of accepting my character's inevitable defeat, maybe I should try a change in strategy.)"
    "I'm currently at 85% health. While adopting a defensive playstyle to stall out the game, I take brief side glances at Yukiko."
    "The light emitted from the monitor highlights her long eyelashes and big eyes. Her glossy lips remain slightly parted in concentration."
    "She chunks about 20% of my character's health due to me taking one hand off the controller in order to poke her on the cheek."
    #nervous
    "She mumbles something in response."
    yu "What are you doing, dummy?"
    "Satisfied that she wasn't ignoring me, I try something more bold."
    "With my character at 65% health, I lean over and give her a peck on the cheek."
    #blush
    "She stops beating my fighter up for a fleeting moment to send me a cute, panicked look."
    #calm
    "Yukiko immediately snaps back to the game and somehow increases the severity of her assault on my virtual self."
    "She begins whittling me down from 65% to 50%... 50% to 35%... and 35% to 15%."
    "Realizing the gap in our skill levels at this point, I concede that winning is a faraway dream."
    mc "(But, I don't want to lose at least..!)"
    "In a final desperate bid to avoid defeat, I tear my gaze from the screen showing my limping 1% health character and I begin standing up--"
    #blush and some weird sprite movement here
    "... and Yukiko pushes me down onto the bed to stop me from doing anything else to her."
    "Aside from the game's background music, it was so quiet that we could hear both of our controllers fall onto the rug with a quiet thud."
    "Mirroring our bodies, our characters in Tori Faiter remain still and cycle through their idle animations, as if refusing to hurt each other."
    yu "[mcname], do you want to win that badly?"
    mc "Now that I think about it, no, not really."
    #nervous
    mc "I think I just wanted you to notice me."
    "I give her a dry, self-deprecating laugh."
    mc "I'm lame, aren't I?"
    #happy
    yu "No, I think that's really cute."
    mc "(Now I'm the one who's blushing.)"
    yu "[mcname], I'm the one who's lame."
    yu "I thought if you kept trying to beat me, you would end up staying longer."
    "Yukiko's lovely smile remains but her round eyes begin filling with melancholy."
    yu "Studying at this school and living here..."
    yu "Even if I was fortunate enough to start what I love doing since I was a kid..."
    yu "Even if I can ace the classes in my major while sleeping in lecture..."
    yu "Even though I could probably comfortably live off working from home like I do right now..."
    #sad
    mc "Yukiko..."
    yu "It doesn't change the fact that I'm all alone in this cold, drafty apartment when I wake up late in the afternoon."
    "I embrace her close to me."
    mc "Are you cold right now?"
    "She shakes her head as she nuzzles into my chest."
    mc "Yukiko."
    yu "Hmm?"
    mc "I'll stay as long as you want."
    yu "Is that a promise?"
    mc "Yes."
    yu "What if I want you to stay until morning comes?"
    mc "Fine with me."
    yu "....."
    "Yukiko peeks her head up and stares into my eyes. She looks like she has something to say."
    mc "What is it?"
    yu "What if... I want you to stay until I say otherwise?"
    mc "Okay."
    #nervous
    yu "Are you serious?"
    mc "I'll pay rent too, of course."
    yu "You don't have a job, right?"
    #happy
    yu "You're really thoughtful [mcname], but you can't even afford half of this rent."
    mc "Oh, that's right."
    mc "I was so caught up in the moment that I forgot about the financial implications."
    yu "That's something I like about you."
    #calm
    yu "You can just pay me what you're currently paying for your current place."
    mc "Really? That's really generous. I even get a whole room to myself."
    yu "I think I'm coming out on top for this one. I get a whole [mcname] to myself!"
    mc "Maybe I can contribute in other ways. I've got the stamina for the most strenuous chores and I can cook pretty decently."
    yu "That would be really helpful, thank you."
    mc "Is there anything else I can do for you?"
    "Yukiko mulls over her options for a moment and reddens."
    #blush
    yu "Can you close your eyes?"
    mc "... sure."
    #fade to black

#scene6 Projects showcase CHANGE to "my project sucked, Yukiko's was good"
    #outside dbh
    "It's been a month since I moved in with Yukiko."
    "Today was the day for our projects to be showcased."
    "My project did painfully average."
    "First of all, the fact that people needed to own or purchase Larry's Mod in order to experience it served a crucial barrier discouraging people from trying it."
    "Secondly, the development team, including me, was collectively caught up in the nostalgia of Larry's Mod and didn't consider how much appeal it would have for gamers who prefer more modern titles."
    "It was definitely suited for a very niche audience."
    "Lastly, our mod of Larry's Mod neither executed a known concept exceptionally well or really offer any new, innovative features that made it stand out from the other available mods."
    "It was a good learning project for the programmers on the team, but in the end, that's all we could afford to make it turn out to be within our capabilities at the time."
    #calm
    "I sigh dejectedly next to Yukiko."
    yu "Cheer up, [mcname]. I liked your project. I saw how much effort went into the programming."
    mc "Hearing someone like you tell me that makes me feel a little better."
    yu "Forget my qualifications. Anyone could tell you guys were really passionate about your work."
    #happy
    yu "As long as you guys learned something, you can always use those skills to make something better in the future."
    mc "Right, right. That was the point."
    "Her smile is contagious, so I can't help but smile too."
    yu "Oh right, I had something important to tell you today."
    mc "Is it about your project?"
    #calm
    yu "I actually signed up for a commercial project with an experienced team. We're also not sponsored by the club."
    mc "I see."
    yu "We didn't get much reception after release..."
    mc "Oh..."
    #happy
    yu "But once the internet caught wind of it, our game blew up overnight."
    mc "OH?!"
    mc "That's great! We have to go celebrate."
    #calm
    yu "I'm not really feeling it today."
    mc "Oh, how come?"
    yu "What I just told you coincides with what I actually have to tell you today."
    mc "What is it?"
    #hide sprite
    "She starts slowly walking facing away from me with her arms behind her back. I follow suit."
    yu "I wasn't satisfied with my life here. So I thought that focusing on my career would help me find the spark in my life that I was looking for."
    yu "They say that the degree is the minimum that you need to get a job."
    yu "Sometimes you don't even need the degree."
    yu "Networking and your portfolio and capabilities are what really get you the job."
    mc "Sounds about right to me."
    yu "I couldn't do the networking part. I just couldn't."
    yu "It wasn't that I had anything against networking."
    yu "Some people might see networking as a selfish thing because they consider it as a means to an end instead of an end within itself."
    yu "You know, just a handful of people helping each other out."
    yu "I gave up early. I didn't want to go back to trying to talk to people, not to mention people who I might emd up working with. It was scary."
    yu "I took the easy way out and worked really hard for my talents to get noticed."
    yu "Sometimes things just don't work out if you avoid reality and keep trying to play by your rules."
    yu "That was okay. I decided I was content with what I had. A really sweet guy even wandered his way into my heart one day."
    yu "But now, just when I thought I was at my happiest, my work gets noticed."
    yu "I printed out the job offer they gave me."
    "Without looking at me still, she holds out a 2-page document in my direction."
    "She doesn't say anything else. Even without seeing her face, I can tell she's crying."
    "I'm not daft enough to not know what kind of question she's asking without her actually saying it. I know what I have to do."
    "I take the stapled paper from her small hand and hastily skim over the contents in order quickly formulate a response to ease her fears, to put her at rest."
    mc "Overseas..?"
    "I stop walking and read over the whole description carefully again. Yukiko continues walking farther and farther from me."
    mc "THAT bigwig company?"
    "The moment I finish reading, I realize what the scope of dilemma I'm facing.
    "I can't find any appropriate words. Maybe it's better to say something rather than nothing. But maybe some things are best left unsaid?"
    "Yukiko's back is growing increasingly fainter in the distance."
    "I start disassociating. I begin seeing myself and my actions from a third-person point of view. It feels almost as if I'm dreaming."
    "The voice in the back of my head telling me to chase after her fails to break through to my senses. It fades away just like Yukiko's figure in my view."
    #fade to black

#scene7 Final
    "It wasn't as if Yukiko disappeared, but today is the third day that she's locked herself in her room."
    "And it's finals week."
    "When I go check up on her, she tells me to leave her alone."
    "At least she takes the food that I leave by her door, so I know she's not starving herself."
    "But even a girl with grades as immaculate as hers will fail her classes if she skips the final exams."
    "Her first final is tomorrow morning."
    "I've been giving her time to herself, but it's harmful for her if I keep this up."
    mc "(I'm not your dad, you know...)"
    mc "(You just have to take them, Yukiko...)"
    mc "(Don't be so selfish...)"
    mc "(... no. That's not right.)"
    mc "(The one who's really selfish is me. What if I had just told her how I felt that day...)"
    mc "(How did I feel that day, exactly?)"

#I felt like telling her to stay with me
    mc "(I wanted her to stay with me.)"
    "I knock on her bedroom door and receive no response."
    mc "Yukiko! I realized it. I knew it all along. I just couldn't bring myself to say it!"
    "My passion is greeted by silence, but I keep going. I have to say this for the both of us."
    "I don't want you to leave! You're the most special person in my life right now!"
    "Even if it means turning down an opportunity like that..!"
    "I can't stop the waterworks."
    "I choke back my tears of guilt and sadness."
    mc "You said that you were happy with what you have right now right?!"
    mc "No one can say for sure whether you'll be more happy carrying on here or moving away to chase your dreams..."
    mc "And I certainly don't have a right to decide that for you, but I want you to know..."
    mc "There are lots of ways to define success! There isn't any one way to reach happiness. And I want to keep sharing the happiness we have now with you!"
    mc "I love you!"
    "....."
    "......."
    "........."
    mc "(Was she asleep?)"
    mc "Yukiko..?"
    mc "(If she's really asleep, I feel like the dumbest person on earth right now.)"
    "The door finally opens just a little."
    yu "[mcname], I was sleeping. Did you need something"
    "My mouth flaps between open and closed in shock as the tears flow out of my eyes.
    mc "Sorry..."
    yu "Just kidding... I heard everything."
    "She opens the door all the way and makes her appearance in the hallway."
    "I still can't really see that well with the tears impeding my vision."
    "I feel a soft cloth and gentle hand drying my tears."
    #sad
    "It's Yukiko using her sleeve to wipe away the residue of my weeping."
    mc "Girl, don't scare me like that."
    "With two tilts of my head, I wipe away the rest of my tears on my shoulders."
    "Returning my gaze to her, I notice her eyes are rather moist and bloodshot."
    #happy
    "Noticing that I was looking at her, she pushed herself to perk up."
    yu "I was just finishing my email to follow up with the job offer."
    mc "I see... if you want to go ahead with it, I have no right to stop you."
    yu "What are you saying, silly?"
    yu "I'm turning them down. I think I would be much happier here. I don't think I could handle losing the few friends I've worked so hard to get here."
    yu "If they want me that bad, they can let me telecommute somehow. If not, I'm finishing my degree here to hopefully land a local job."
    mc "Not hopefully, you're amazing at what you do. You'll find a job. In fact, you already kinda work, so..."
    #nervous
    yu "Oh yeah, that. Right."
    yu "Once they notified me about that opportunity, I couldn't think about anything else, so I totally forgot about the stuff I had due."
    mc "You don't have to study for finals, right?"
    yu "I skim some stuff I don't know for 30 minutes and I'm good."
    mc "Okay, you do that and I'll start on the freelance work you haven't done yet."
    yu "Uhh, I don't think..."
    mc "Can I come in?"
    yu "Sure."
    #inside
    "Yukiko lets me skim the assignments she has in her work email."
    mc "Alright, I have no idea how to do this!"
    "Yukiko rewards my effort with a faux exasperated sigh as she plops down in her chair."
    mc "I'll keep handling the chores and cooking. I'll bring you whatever you need."
    yu "So you'll keep doing what you've always been doing?"
    mc "You didn't have to put it that way..."
    "She snickers amusedly as my voice trails off."
    yu "And I'll keep doing what I've always been doing too. Nothing will change."
    "Yukiko puts her hand on her mouse and hovers the cursor over the send button."
    mc "Is this really okay, Yukiko?"
    yu "Like you said [mcname], there are many ways to happiness."
    "Her voice sounds brave, but her hand on the mouse is shaking."
    "I give her a reassuring smile and put my hand on top of hers."
    "From today on, we forge forward to our uncertain future."
    #mouse click
    #instant black

#I felt like encouraging her to go
    mc "(I wanted her to stay with me.)"
    mc "(... but I also want her to chase her future, with or without me in it.)"
    "I knock on her bedroom door and receive no response."
    mc "(If you love something, let it go, and if it loves you back, it will always come back to you, right?)"
    "I make a poor effort of comforting myself with a platitude before steeling my heart in preparation for what I'm about to do."
    "I begin audibly packing anything I had that would fit into my suitcase, serious or not."
    "I still sense no signs of life from Yukiko's room."
    "I shout at her bedroom door."
    mc "Yukiko, this is the last time I'm gonna try. Let's talk about this like grown-ups."
    "No response."
    mc "I don't want to make any assumptions before we talked, but..."
    "I see and hear the door shake a little."
    mc "Yukiko, if you're going to keep running away from this, I'm leaving right now."
    "The doorknob turns frantically right before the door swings open abruptly, narrowly missing my face."
    #nervous
    yu "[mcname], you can't be serious."
    mc "Just take the job. You don't have to lose me. We can make this work!"

    #bad branch
    #sad
    yu "Long distance relationships are really hard [mcname]."
    yu "And we just started officially dating a month ago."
    yu "Couples who have been together longer than us have been broken apart by distance."
    yu "I want to believe that we can be different, [mcname], but it just doesn't feel like us two silly college students have it in us."
    "As much as I hate to admit it, Yukiko's worries have a strong foundation within reality."
    mc "Yukiko, I... I think we're special, and..."
    "I try to find some sensible words to reassure her with, but I just end up stumbling over my own desperate thoughts."
    "My trembling voice must not sound very encouraging to her either."
    yu "I think we're special too but... maybe not as much as you think we are."
    mc "How could you say that? I'm really trying here, Yukiko."
    yu "I'm trying too, [mcname]."
    mc "Is that why you've been sitting in that room by yourself all day?"
    #calm
    #stop the music
    yu "Do you really think that was what I was doing?"
    yu "[mcname], I was writing up a follow-up email to the company declining their offer."
    yu ""

    #good branch
